Layered Design for Ruby on
Rails Applications

Discover practical design patterns for maintainable
web applications

Vladimir Dementyev

BIRMINGHAM—MUMBAI

Layered Design for Ruby on Rails Applications
Copyright © 2023 Packt Publishing
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted
in any form or by any means, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case
of brief quotations embedded in critical articles or reviews.
Every effort has been made in the preparation of this book to ensure the accuracy of the information
presented. However, the information contained in this book is sold without warranty, either express
or implied. Neither the author, nor Packt Publishing or its dealers and distributors, will be held liable
for any damages caused or alleged to have been caused directly or indirectly by this book.
Packt Publishing has endeavored to provide trademark information about all of the companies and
products mentioned in this book by the appropriate use of capitals. However, Packt Publishing cannot
guarantee the accuracy of this information.
Group Product Manager: Rohit Rajkumar
Publishing Product Manager: Himani Dewan
Book Project Manager: Sonam Pandey
Content Development Editor: Abhishek Jadhav
Technical Editor: Simran Udasi
Copy Editor: Safis Editing
Proofreader: Safis Editing
Indexer: Rekha Nair
Production Designer: Joshua Misquitta
DevRel Marketing Coordinator: Nivedita Pandey
First published: September 2023
Production reference: 2280823
Packt Publishing Ltd
Grosvenor House
11 St Paul’s Square
Birmingham
B3 1RB, UK.
ISBN 978-1-80181-378-5
www.packtpub.com

To trains, train riders, and little train lovers.
– Vladimir Dementyev

Contributors
About the author
Vladimir Dementyev is a principal backend engineer at Evil Martians, a product development consultancy
from Earth, focusing on building maintainable web applications and developers’ productivity. He is
the creator of popular open source tools, such as AnyCable and TestProf, and a contributor to many
other open source projects, including Ruby on Rails and Ruby itself. Vladimir plays an active role in
the Ruby community through his code contributions and by speaking at conferences and sharing his
passion for coding via articles and blog posts. For his contributions to the Ruby ecosystem, Vladimir
was awarded the Fukuoka Ruby Award in 2021 and the Ruby Hero Russia Award in 2017.
I would like to thank my family, who support my extracurriculars, such as writing a book; the humans
from Mars, and especially Phobos, for shaping my vision of how to write code; the Saint-P Ruby
community for heated though well-argumented discussions; the MetroNorth and Amtrak trains for
non-distracting writing environments; and the Peekskill Coffee House for the coffee and crepes that
fueled Chapters 4, 8, and 12.

About the reviewer
Mahabub Islam is a seasoned software developer with a strong focus on Ruby on Rails and JavaScript.
With six years of experience in the industry, he has honed his expertise in building robust and scalable
web applications. Mahabub’s passion for clean code and efficient design led him to explore various
design patterns and best practices, making him the perfect reviewer for the book Rails Design Patterns
and Best Practices.
His in-depth knowledge of the framework, coupled with his experience in building complex applications,
allows him to provide valuable insights and practical advice to developers seeking to optimize their
Rails projects.

Table of Contents
Prefacexiii

Part 1: Exploring Rails and Its Abstractions

1
Rails as a Web Application Framework

3

Technical requirements
The journey of a click through
Rails abstraction layers

3

Jobs as units of work
Scheduled jobs

14
15

4

The heart of a web application
– the database

16

The trade-off between abstractions and
database performance
Database-level abstractions

16
18

From web requests to abstraction layers
5
Rack6
Rails on Rack
8
Rails routing
11
C for controller
12

Beyond requests – background
and scheduled tasks

12

The need for background jobs

13

Summary19
Questions19
Exercises19
Further reading
19

2
Active Models and Records
Technical requirements
Active Record overview – persistence
and beyond

21
21
22

Object-relational mapping
From mapping to the model
From model to anything

22
26
30

viii

Table of Contents

Active Model – the hidden gem
behind Active Record

30

Active Model as an interface
30
Active Model as an Active Record satellite
33
Active Model versus Struct – performance
implications36
Active Model for an Active Record-like
experience38

Seeking God objects
38
Summary40
Questions40
Exercises40
Further reading
40

3
More Adapters, Less Implementations

41

Technical requirements
41
Active Job as a universal queue
interface42

50

Adapterizing queues
Serializing all things

43
45

Active Storage and its adapters and
plugins48

Adapters versus plugins

Adapters and wrappers at your
service52
Summary55
Questions55
Exercises55
Further reading
55

4
Rails Anti-Patterns?
Technical requirements
Callbacks, callbacks everywhere

57
57
58

Callbacks under control (and in
controllers)58
Active Record callbacks go wild
62

Concerning Rails concerns

68

Extracting behavior, not code
70
Concerns are still modules, with all the
shortcomings73

Extracting objects from objects

73

On global and current states

78

Current everything

78

Summary83
Questions83
Exercises83

Table of Contents

5
When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough

85

Technical requirements
The curse of fat/thin controllers and
thin/fat models

85

91

From fat controllers to fat models
A fat controller example
Refactoring the example controller following
the thin controllers, fat models principle

86
86

86

89

From fat models to services

Generic services and granular
abstractions94
Layered architecture and abstraction
layers95
Summary98
Questions99

Part 2: Extracting Layers from Models

6
Data Layer Abstractions

103

Technical requirements
Using query objects to extract
(complex) queries from models

103

Code organization with query objects versus
architecture layers

104

Extracting query objects
Scopes versus query objects
Reusable query objects and Arel

106
110
112

Separating domain and persistence
with repositories
117
Summary120
Questions120

116

7
Handling User Input outside of Models
Technical requirements
Form objects – closer to the UI,
farther from persistence

121
122

UI forms versus models
122
Using Active Model to abstract form
objects131

Filter objects or user-driven query
building140

Filtering in controllers
Moving filtering to models
Extracting filter objects
Filter objects versus form objects versus
query objects

121
141
142
143
146

Summary147
Questions147
Exercise147

ix

x

Table of Contents

8
Pulling Out the Representation Layer
Technical requirements
149
Using presenters to decouple models
from views
150
Leave helpers for libraries
Presenters and decorators
Presenters as an abstraction layer

151
152
157

From model to JSON
Serializers as API presenters

149
162
163

Summary166
Questions166
Further reading
166

Serializers are presenters for your
API161

Part 3: Essential Layers for Rails Applications

9
Authorization Models and Layers

169

Technical requirements
170
Authorization, authentication, and
friends170

Shaping an abstraction layer for
authorization180
Authorization in views
184

Authentication versus authorization
Lines of defense for a web application

170
171

Performance implications of
authorization187

Authorization models

172

Domain-less authorization models
Classic authorization models

173
173

The N+1 authorization problem in the
representation layer
The case of scoping-based authorization

Authorization enforcement, or
the need for authorization
abstractions178
Extracting policy objects

178

187
189

Summary190
Questions190
Exercise191
Further reading
191

Table of Contents

10
Crafting the Notifications Layer
Technical requirements
From Action Mailer to multiple
notification channels

193

Modeling user notification
preferences208

194

Bit fields and value objects
Notification preferences store
A separate table for storing preferences

Action Mailer in action
194
Mailers in the layered architecture
195
Not only emails or adding more notification
channels197

Extracting notifications layer

193

198

Ad hoc abstraction
199
Using third-party libraries to manage
notifications202

209
210
211

Summary212
Questions212
Exercises212

11
Better Abstractions for HTML Views
Technical requirements
213
The V in Rails’ MVC: templates and
helpers214
UI without a programming interface
Reusability and design systems

215
220

Thinking in components

222

213
View components as an abstraction
layer225
View components for mixed teams
230

Summary230
Questions230
Further reading
230

Turning partials and helpers into
components223

12
Configuration as a First-Class Application Citizen
Technical requirements
Configuration sources and types

231
232

Files, secrets, credentials, and more
Settings and secrets

232
234

231

Production, development, and local
configurations versus data providers

236

Using domain objects to tame
configuration complexity

237

xi

xii

Table of Contents
Separating application code from
configuration sources
Using specialized configuration classes

237
243

Summary247
Questions247
Exercises247

13
Cross-Layers and Off-Layers
Technical requirements
The Rails infrastructure layer and
its diversity

249
249

Instrumentation256

250

Extracting implementations into
services260

Infrastructure abstractions and
implementations250

Across the layers – logging and
monitoring251
Logging251
Exception tracking
255

Separating WebSockets from Action
Cable with AnyCable
260
Processing images on the fly and off
Rails261

Summary263
Questions263

Index265
Gems and Patterns

272

Other Books You May Enjoy

276

Preface
Ruby on Rails is a powerful and influential open source framework specifically designed to facilitate
the rapid development of web applications. As a full stack framework, Rails provides developers with
the tools necessary for frontend and backend web development, allowing for the seamless integration
of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and server-side scripting.
At the heart of Rails is the adoption of the Model-View-Controller (MVC) architectural pattern.
This pattern divides an application into three interconnected parts: the Model, which pertains to the
application’s data and business logic; the View, responsible for the output of the information; and the
Controller, which manages the flow of data between the Model and the View.
Alongside MVC, another central pillar of Rails is the convention-over-configuration principle. This
philosophy manifests in many predefined settings and defaults within the Rails framework, significantly
reducing the number of decisions a developer has to make.
Sticking to MVC-based framework components and leveraging conventions is The Rails Way. It aims
to streamline the development process, allowing developers to focus on crafting product features rather
than getting burdened by the complexities of taming the framework and its components.
However, as with most things, this initial simplicity can be a double-edged sword. It can sometimes
spiral into an intricate labyrinth of complexities, potentially transforming a neatly organized code
base into a difficult-to-manage, convoluted mess. This book seeks to equip you with strategies and
techniques to help you control your Rails application’s complexity while ensuring maintainability.
We start by exploring the framework’s capabilities and principles, allowing you to utilize Rails’ power
fully. Then, we start the layering process by gradually extracting and introducing new abstraction
layers in a way that plays nicely with The Rails Way. Thus, the ideas expressed in this book could
be considered The Extended Rails Way, the patterns and approaches that can help you enjoy the
framework and increase Ruby developers' happiness at scale.
As you conclude this journey, you’ll emerge as a proficient specialist in code design, possessing an
in-depth understanding of the Rails framework’s principles.

Who this book is for
This book is for Rails application developers struggling to cope with the ever-increasing complexity
of their projects and looking for ways to keep code maintainable and approachable.

xiv

Preface

This book is a perfect fit for developers who have just launched their first Rails MVP and those who
have already encountered difficulties moving forward with a majestic monolith.
The reader will need to have an understanding of core Rails principles (described in the official guides)
and have some experience with building web applications using the framework.

What this book covers
Chapter 1, Rails as a Web Application Framework, provides a high-level overview of the framework
and its core components specific to it being a tool for building web applciations
Chapter 2, Active Models and Records, focuses on the Rails model layer and how to better leverage
its building blocks, such as Active Record and Active Model, to extract responsibilities and prevent
God objects.
Chapter 3, More Adapters, Less Implementations, focuses on the design patterns used by Active Job
and Active Storage.
Chapter 4, Rails Anti-Patterns?, discusses Rails’ controversial features, such as callbacks, concerns,
and globals.
Chapter 5, When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough, focuses on the Service Object phenomenon in
Rails and introduces layered architecture principles.
Chapter 6, Data Layer Abstractions, focuses on extracting data manipulation logic (querying and
writing) from models.
Chapter 7, Handling User Input outside of Models, provides an overview of abstraction layers to move
user input handling out of models, such as form and filter objects.
Chapter 8, Pulling Out the Representation Layer, focuses on abstractions used to prepare model objects
for displaying in the UI, for example, presenters and serializers.
Chapter 9, Authorization Models and Layers, focuses on authorization aspects and the
corresponding abstractions.
Chapter 10, Crafting the Notifications Layer, focuses on extracting an abstraction layer to handle logic
related to user notifications (email, SMS, and so on.).
Chapter 11, Better Abstractions for HTML Views, discusses abstractions to maintain HTML templates
in Rails applications.
Chapter 12, Configuration as a First-Class Application Citizen, discusses the problem of configuring
web applications.
Chapter 13, Cross-Layers and Off-Layers, focuses on Rails application infrastructure aspects, such as
logging and monitoring, and provides examples of abstraction-driven service extraction.

Preface

To get the most out of this book
This book assumes intermediate knowledge of the Ruby programming language and experience
in writing web applications with the Ruby on Rails framework. If you haven’t had prior experience
with Ruby on Rails, please familiarize yourself with the official guides (https://guides.
rubyonrails.org) first.
Software/hardware covered in the book

Operating system requirements

Ruby on Rails 7.1 (many examples will work with
earlier versions)

Any OS that runs Ruby

Ruby 3.2 (many examples will work with earlier versions)

Any OS that runs Ruby

If you are using the digital version of this book, we advise you to type the code yourself or access
the code from the book’s GitHub repository (a link is available in the next section). Doing so will
help you avoid any potential errors related to the copying and pasting of code.

Download the example code files
You can download the example code files for this book from GitHub at https://github.com/
PacktPublishing/Layered-Design-for-Ruby-on-Rails-Applications/tree/
main. If there’s an update to the code, it will be updated in the GitHub repository.
The answers to the Questions in the book can be found at https://github.com/
PacktPublishing/Layered-Design-for-Ruby-on-Rails-Applications/blob/
main/Answers%20to%20Questions.docx and the solutions to the Exercises can be found at
https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Layered-Design-for-Ruby-on-RailsApplications/blob/main/Solutions%20to%20Exercises.docx

Conventions used
There are a number of text conventions used throughout this book.
Code in text: Indicates code words in text, database table names, folder names, filenames, file
extensions, pathnames, dummy URLs, user input, and Twitter handles. Here is an example: “All we
need to make this code work as we want is to add a couple of has_many declarations to our models.”
A block of code is set as follows:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  has_many :posts, -> { order(id: :desc) }
end
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  has_many :comments, -> { order(id: :desc) }
end

xv

xvi

Preface

When we wish to draw your attention to a particular part of a code block, the relevant lines or items
are set in bold:
Rails.application.routes.draw do
  # The same as: resources :posts, only: %i[index]
  get "/posts", to: PostsController.action(:index)
end

Any command-line input or output is written as follows:
$ git log --format=oneline -- app/models/user.rb | wc -l

Tips or important notes
Appear like this.

Get in touch
Feedback from our readers is always welcome.
General feedback: If you have questions about any aspect of this book, email us at customercare@
packtpub.com and mention the book title in the subject of your message.
Errata: Although we have taken every care to ensure the accuracy of our content, mistakes do happen.
If you have found a mistake in this book, we would be grateful if you would report this to us. Please
visit www.packtpub.com/support/errata and fill in the form.
Piracy: If you come across any illegal copies of our works in any form on the internet, we would
be grateful if you would provide us with the location address or website name. Please contact us at
copyright@packt.com with a link to the material.
If you are interested in becoming an author: If there is a topic that you have expertise in and you
are interested in either writing or contributing to a book, please visit authors.packtpub.com.

Preface

Share your thoughts
Once you’ve read Layered Design for Ruby on Rails Applications, we’d love to hear your thoughts! Please
select https://www.amazon.in/review/create-review/error?asin=1801813787
for this book and share your feedback.
Your review is important to us and the tech community and will help us make sure we’re delivering
excellent quality content.

xvii

xviii

Preface

Download a free PDF copy of this book
Thanks for purchasing this book!
Do you like to read on the go but are unable to carry your print books everywhere?
Is your eBook purchase not compatible with the device of your choice?
Don’t worry, now with every Packt book you get a DRM-free PDF version of that book at no cost.
Read anywhere, any place, on any device. Search, copy, and paste code from your favorite technical
books directly into your application.
The perks don’t stop there, you can get exclusive access to discounts, newsletters, and great free content
in your inbox daily
Follow these simple steps to get the benefits:
1.

Scan the QR code or visit the link below

https://packt.link/free-ebook/9781801813785
2.

Submit your proof of purchase

3.

That’s it! We’ll send your free PDF and other benefits to your email directly

Part 1:
Exploring Rails and Its
Abstractions

This part is dedicated to the framework, Ruby on Rails, itself. You will learn about design patterns,
the architecture decisions behind Rails, and the concepts and conventions powering the framework.
You will also learn about Ruby on Rails’ controversies and limitations, which we will try to resolve
in the following parts.
This part has the following chapters:
• Chapter 1, Rails as a Web Application Framework
• Chapter 2, Active Models and Records
• Chapter 3, More Adapters, Less Implementations
• Chapter 4, Rails Anti-Patterns?
• Chapter 5, When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough

1
Rails as a Web
Application Framework
Ruby on Rails is one of the most popular tools to build web applications, which is a huge class of software.
In this chapter, we will talk about what makes this class different from other programs. First, we will
learn about the HTTP request-response model and how it can naturally lead to a layered architecture.
We will see which layers and HTTP components Ruby on Rails includes out of the box. Then, we
will discuss the off-request processing layer, background jobs, and the persistence layer (databases).
In this chapter, we will cover the following topics:
• The journey of a click through Rails abstraction layers
• Beyond requests – background and scheduled tasks
• The heart of a web application – the database
By the end of this chapter, you’ll have a better understanding of the core web application principles
and how they affect Rails application design. You will learn about the main Rails components and
how they build up the basic abstraction layers of the application.
These fundamental ideas will help you to identify and extract abstractions that better fit natural web
application flows, thus leading to less conceptual overhead and a better developer experience.

Technical requirements
In this chapter and all chapters of this book, the code given in code blocks is designed to be executed
on Ruby 3.2 and, where applicable, using Rails 7. Many of the code examples will work on earlier
versions of the aforementioned software.
You will find the code files on GitHub at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/
Layered-Design-for-Ruby-on-Rails-Applications/tree/main/Chapter01.

4

Rails as a Web Application Framework

The journey of a click through Rails abstraction layers
The primary goal of any web application is to serve web requests, where web implies communicating
over the internet and request refers to data that must be processed and acknowledged by a server.
A simple task such as clicking on a link and opening a web page in a browser, which we perform
hundreds of times every day, consists of dozens of steps, from resolving the IP address of a target
service to displaying the response to the user.
In the modern world, every request passes through multiple intermediate servers (proxies, load
balancers, content delivery networks (CDNs), and so on). For this chapter, the following simplified
diagram will be enough to visualize the journey of a click in the context of a Rails app.

Figure 1.1 – A simplified diagram of a journey of the click (the Rails version)

The Rails part of this journey starts in a so-called web server – for example, Puma (https://github.
com/puma/puma). It takes care of handling connections, transforming HTTP requests into a Rubyfriendly format, calling our Rails application, and sending the result back over the HTTP connection.
Communication models
Web applications can use other communication models, and not only the request-response one.
Streaming and asynchronous (for example, WebSocket) models are not rare guests in modern
Rails applications, especially after the addition of Hotwire (https://hotwired.dev/) to
the stack. However, they usually play a secondary role, and most applications are still designed
with the request-response model in mind. That’s why we only consider this model in this book.
Next, we will take a deeper look at the right part of the diagram in Figure 1.1. Getting to know the
basics of request processing in Rails will help us to think in abstraction layers when designing our
application. But first, we need to explain why layered architecture makes sense to web applications at all.

The journey of a click through Rails abstraction layers

From web requests to abstraction layers
The life cycle of a web application consists of the bootstrap phase (configuration and initialization)
and the serving phase. The bootstrap phase includes loading the application code, and initializing
and configuring the framework components – that is, everything we need to do before accepting the
first web request – before we enter the serving phase.
In the serving phase, the application acts as an executor, performing many independent units of
work – handling web requests. Independent here means that every request is self-contained, and the
way we process it (from a code point of view) doesn’t depend on previous or concurrent requests. This
means that requests do not share a lot of state. In Ruby terms, when processing a request, we create
many disposable objects, whose lifetimes are bound by the request’s lifetime.
How does this affect our application design? Since requests are independent, the serving phase could be
seen as a conveyor-belt assembly line – we put request data (raw material) on the belt, pass it through
multiple workstations, and get the response box at the end.
A natural reflection of this idea in application design would be the extraction of abstraction layers
(workstations) and chaining them together to build a processing line. This process could also be called
layering. Just like how assembly lines increase production efficiency in real life, architecture patterns
improve software quality. In this book, we will discuss the layered architecture pattern, which is generic
enough to fit many applications, especially Ruby on Rails ones.
What are the properties of a good abstraction layer? We will try to find the answer to this question
throughout the book using examples; however, we can list some basic properties right away:
• An abstraction should have a single responsibility. However, the responsibilities themselves can
be broad but should not overlap (thus, following the separation of concerns principle).
• Layers should be loosely coupled and have no circular or reverse dependencies. If we draw the
request processing flow from top to bottom, the inter-layer connectors should never go up,
and we should try to minimize the number of connections between layers. A physical assembly
line is an example of perfect layering – every workstation (layer) has, at most, one workstation
above and, at most, one below.
• Abstractions should not leak their internals. The main idea of extracting an abstraction is
to separate an interface from the implementation. Extracting a common interface can be a
challenging task by itself, but it always pays off in the long term.
• It should be possible to test abstractions in isolation. This item is usually a result of all the
preceding, but it makes sense to pay attention to it explicitly, since thinking about testability
can help us to come up with a better interface.
From a developer’s perspective, a good abstraction layer provides a clear interface to solve a common
problem and is easy to refactor, debug, and test. A clear interface can be translated as one with the
least possible conceptual overhead or just one that is simple.

5

6

Rails as a Web Application Framework

Designing simple abstractions is a difficult task; that’s why you may hear that introducing abstractions
makes working with the code base more complicated. The goal of this book is to teach you how to
avoid this pitfall and learn how to design good abstractions.
How many abstraction layers are nice to have? The short answer is, it depends.
Let’s continue our assembly line analogy. The number of workstations grows as the assembly process
becomes more sophisticated. We can also split existing stages into multiple new ones to make the
process more efficient, and to assemble faster. Similarly, the number of abstraction layers increases
with the evolution of a project’s business logic and the code base growth.
In real life, the efficiency metric is speed; in software development, it is also speed – the speed of
shipping new features. This metric depends on many factors, many of which are not related to how
we write our code. From the code perspective, the main factor is maintainability – how easy it is to
add new features and introduce changes to the existing ones (including fixing bugs).
Applying software design patterns and extracting abstraction layers are the two main tools to keep
maintainability high. Does it mean the more abstractions we have the more maintainable our code is?
Surely not. No one builds a car assembly line consisting of thousands of workstations by the number of
individual nuts and screws, right? So, should we software engineers avoid introducing new abstractions
just for the sake of introducing new abstractions? Of course not!
Overengineering is not a made-up problem; it does exist. Adding a new abstraction should be
evaluated. We will learn some techniques when we start discussing particular abstraction layers later
in this book. Now, let’s move on to Rails and see what the framework offers us out of the box in terms
of abstraction layers.
A basic Rails application comes with just three abstractions – controllers, models, and views. (You
are invited to decide whether they fit our definition of good or not by yourself.) Such a small number
allows us to start building things faster and focus on a product, instead of spending time to please the
framework (as it would be if had a dozen different layers). This is the Rails way.
In this book, we will learn how to extend the Rails way – how to gradually introduce new abstraction
layers without losing the focus on product development. First, we need to learn more about the Rails
way itself. Let’s take a look at some of the components that make up this approach with regard to
web requests.

Rack
The component responsible for HTTP-to-Ruby (and vice versa) translation is called Rack (https://
github.com/rack/rack). More precisely, it’s an interface describing two fundamental abstractions
– request and response.

The journey of a click through Rails abstraction layers

Rack is the contract between a web server (for example, Puma or Unicorn) and a Ruby application.
It can be described using the following source:
request_env = { "HTTP_HOST" => "www.example.com", …}
response = application.call(request_env)
status, headers, body_iterator = *response

Let’s examine each line of the preceding code:
• The first one defines an HTTP request represented as a Hash. This Hash is called the request
environment and contains HTTP headers and Rack-specific fields (such as rack.input to
access the request body). This API and naming convention came from the old days of CGI web
servers, which passed request data via environment variables.
Common Gateway Interface
Common Gateway Interface (CGI) is the first attempt to standardize the communication interface
between web servers and applications. A CGI-compliant program must read request headers
from env variables and the request body from STDIN and write the response to STDOUT. A
CGI web server runs a new instance of the program for every request – an unaffordable luxury
for today’s Rails applications. The FastCGI (https://fastcgi-archives.github.
io/) protocol was developed to resolve this situation.
• The second line calls a Rack-compatible application, which is anything that responds to #call.
That’s the only required method.
• The final line describes the structure of the return value. It is an array, consisting of three
elements – a status code (integer), HTTP response headers (Hash), and an enumerable body
(that is, anything that responds to #each and yields string values). Why is body not just a
string? Using enumerables allows us to implement streaming responses, which could help us
reduce memory allocation.
The simplest possible Rack application is just a Lambda returning a predefined response tuple. You
can run it using the rackup command like this (note that the rackup gem must be installed):
$ rackup -s webrick --builder 'run ->(env) { [200, {}, ["Hello,
Rack!"]] }'
[2022-07-25 11:15:44] INFO  WEBrick 1.7.0
[2022-07-25 11:15:44] INFO  WEBrick::HTTPServer#start: pid=85016
port=9292

Try to open a browser at http://localhost:9292 – you will see "Hello, Rack!" on a
blank screen.

7

8

Rails as a Web Application Framework

Rails on Rack
Where is the Rack’s #call method in a Rails application? Look at the config.ru file at the root
of your Rails project. It’s a Rack configuration file, which describes how to run a Rack-compatible
application (.ru stands for rack-up). You will see something like this:
require_relative "config/environment"
run Rails.application

Rails.application is a singleton instance of the Rails application, its web entry-point.
Now that we know where the Rails part of the click journey begins, let’s try to learn more about it.
The best way to see the amount of work a Rails app does while performing a unit of work is to trace
all Ruby method calls during a single request-response cycle. For that, we can use the trace_
location gem.
What a gem – trace_location
The trace_location (https://github.com/yhirano55/trace_location) gem
is a curious developer’s little helper. Its main purpose is to learn what’s happening behind the
scenes of simple APIs provided by libraries and frameworks. You will be surprised how complex
the internals of the things you take for granted (say, user.save in Active Record) can be.
Designing simple APIs that solve complex problems shows true mastery of software development.
Under the hood, this gem uses Ruby’s TracePoint API (https://rubyapi.org/3.2/o/
tracepoint) – a powerful runtime introspection tool.
The fastest way to emulate web request handling is to open a Rails console (rails c) and run the
following snippet:
request =
  Rack::MockRequest.env_for('http://localhost:3000')
TraceLocation.trace(format: :log) do
  Rails.application.call(request)
end

Look at the generated log file. Even for a new Rails application, the output would contain thousands
of lines – serving a GET request in Rails is not a trivial task.
So, the number of Ruby methods invoked during an HTTP request is huge. What about the number
of created Ruby objects? We can measure it using the built-in Ruby tools. In a Rails console, type
the following:
was_alloc = GC.stat[:total_allocated_objects]
Rails.application.call(request)

The journey of a click through Rails abstraction layers

new_alloc = GC.stat[:total_allocated_objects]
puts "Total allocations: #{new_alloc – was_alloc}"

For an action rendering nothing (head :ok), I get about 3,000 objects when running the preceding
snippet. We can think of this number as a lower bound for Rails applications.
What do these numbers mean for us? The goal of this book is to demonstrate how we can leverage
abstraction layers to keep our code base in a healthy state. At the same time, we shouldn’t forget about
potential performance implications. Adding an abstraction layer results in adding more method calls
and object allocations, but this overhead is negligible compared to what we already have. In Rails,
abstractions do not make code slower (humans do).
Let’s run our tracer again and only include #call methods this time:
TraceLocation.trace(format: :log, methods: [:call]) do
  Rails.application.call(request)
end

This time, we only have a few hundred lines logged:
[Tracing events] C: Call, R: Return
C /usr/local/lib/ruby/gems/3.1.0/gems/railties-7.0.3.1/lib/rails/
engine.rb:528 [Rails::Engine#call]
  C /usr/local/lib/ruby/gems/3.1.0/gems/actionpack-7.0.3.1/
lib/action_dispatch/middleware/host_authorization.rb:130
[ActionDispatch::HostAuthorization#call]
    C /usr/local/lib/ruby/gems/3.1.0/gems/rack-2.2.4/lib/rack/
sendfile.rb:109 [Rack::Sendfile#call]
      C /usr/local/lib/ruby/gems/3.1.0/gems/actionpack-7.0.3.1/lib/
action_dispatch/middleware/static.rb:22 [ActionDispatch::Static#call]
         // more lines here
      R /usr/local/lib/ruby/gems/3.1.0/gems/actionpack-7.0.3.1/lib/
action_dispatch/middleware/static.rb:24 [ActionDispatch::Static#call]
    R /usr/local/lib/ruby/gems/3.1.0/gems/rack-2.2.4/lib/rack/
sendfile.rb:140 [Rack::Sendfile#call]
  R /usr/local/lib/ruby/gems/3.1.0/gems/actionpack-7.0.3.1/
lib/action_dispatch/middleware/host_authorization.rb:131
[ActionDispatch::HostAuthorization#call]
R /usr/local/lib/ruby/gems/3.1.0/gems/railties-7.0.3.1/lib/rails/
engine.rb:531 [Rails::Engine#call]

Each method is put twice in the log – first, when we enter it, and the second time when we return
from it. Note that the #call methods are nested into each other; this is another important feature
of Rack in action — middleware.

9

10

Rails as a Web Application Framework

Pattern – middleware
Middleware is a component that wraps a core unit (function) execution and can inspect and
modify input and output data without changing its interface. Middleware is usually chained,
so each one invokes the next one, and only the last one in the chain executes the core logic. The
chaining aims to keep middleware small and single-purpose. A typical use case for middleware
is adding logging, instrumentation, or authentication (which short-circuits the chain execution).
The pattern is popular in the Ruby community, and aside from Rack, it is used by Sidekiq, Faraday,
AnyCable, and so on. In the non-Ruby world, the most popular example would be Express.js.
The following diagram shows how a middleware stack wraps the core functionality by intercepting
inputs and enhancing outputs:

Figure 1.2 – The middleware pattern diagram

Rack is a modular framework, which allows you to extend basic request-handling functionality by
injecting middleware. Middleware intercepts HTTP requests to perform some additional, usually
utilitarian, logic – enhancing a Rack env object, adding additional response headers (for example,
X-Runtime or CORS-related), logging the request execution, performing security checks, and so on.
Rails includes more than 20 middlewares by default. You can see the middleware stack by running
the bin/rails middleware command:
$ bin/rails middleware
use ActionDispatch::HostAuthorization
use Rack::Sendfile
use ActionDispatch::Static
use ActionDispatch::Executor
use ActionDispatch::ServerTiming
use Rack::Runtime
... more ...
use Rack::Head
use Rack::ConditionalGet
use Rack::ETag

The journey of a click through Rails abstraction layers

use Rack::TempfileReaper
run MyProject::Application.routes

Rails gives you full control of the middleware chain – you can add, remove, or rearrange middleware.
The middleware stack can be called the HTTP pre-/post-processing layer. It should treat the application
as a black box and know nothing about its business logic. A Rack middleware stack should not enhance
the application web interface but act as a mediator between the outer world and the Rails application.

Rails routing
At the end of the preceding middleware list, there is a run command with Application.routes
passed. The routes object (an instance of the ActionDispatch::Routing::RouteSet class)
is a Rack application that uses the routes.rb file to match the request to a particular resolver – a
controller-action pair or yet another Rack application.
Here is an example of the routing config with both controllers and applications:
Rails.application.routes.draw do
  # Define a resource backed by PostsController
  resources :posts, only: %i[show]
  # redirect() generates a Redirect Rack app instance
  get "docs/:article",
      to: redirect("/wiki/%{article}")
  # You can pass a lambda, too
  get "/_health", to: -> _env {
    [200, { "content-type" => "text/html" }, ["I'm alive"]]
  }
  # Proxy all matching requests to a Rack app
  mount ActionCable.server, at: "/cable"
end

This is the routing layer of a Rails application. All the preceding Rack resolvers can be implemented as
Rack middleware; why did we put them into the routing layer? Redirects are a part of the application
functionality, as well as WebSockets (Action Cable).
However, the health check endpoint can be seen as a property of a Rack app, and if it doesn’t use
the application’s internal state to generate a response (as in our example), it can be moved to the
middleware layer.
Similar to choosing between Rack and routes, we can have a routes versus controllers debate. With
regards to the preceding example, we can ask, why not use controllers for redirects?

11

12

Rails as a Web Application Framework

C for controller
Controllers comprise the next layer through which a web request passes. This is the first abstraction
layer on our way. A controller is a concept that generalizes and standardizes the way we process
inbound requests. In theory, controllers can be used not only for HTTP requests but also for any kind
of request (since the controller is just a code abstraction).
In practice, however, that’s very unlikely – implementation-wise, controllers are highly coupled with
HTTP/Rack. There is even an API to turn a controller’s action into a Rack app:
Rails.application.routes.draw do
  # The same as: resources :posts, only: %i[index]
  get "/posts", to: PostsController.action(:index)
end

MVC
Model–view–controller is one of the oldest architectural patterns, which was developed in the
1970s for GUI applications development. The pattern implies that a system consists of three
components – Model, View, and Controller. Controller handles user actions and operates on
Model; Model, in turn, updates View, which results in a UI update for the user. Although Rails
is usually called an MVC framework, its data flow differs from the original one – Controller is
responsible for updating View, and View can easily access and even modify Model.
The controller layer’s responsibility is to translate web requests into business actions or operations
and trigger UI updates. This is an example of single responsibility, which consists of many smaller
responsibilities – an actor (a user or an API client) authentication and authorization, requesting
parameters validation, and so on. The same is true for every inbound abstraction layer, such as Action
Cable channels or Action Mailbox mailboxes.
Coming back to the routing example and the redirects question, we can now answer it – since there is
no business action behind the redirection logic, putting it into a controller is an abstraction misuse.
We will talk about controllers in detail in the following chapters.
Now, we have an idea of a click’s journey through a Rails application. However, not everything in Rails
happens within a request-response cycle; our click has likely triggered some actions to be executed
in the background.

Beyond requests – background and scheduled tasks
Although the primary goal of web applications is to handle HTTP requests, that’s not the only job
most Rails applications do. A lot of things happen in the background.

Beyond requests – background and scheduled tasks

The need for background jobs
One of the vital characteristics of web applications is throughput. This can be defined as the number
of requests that can be served in a period of time – usually, a second or a minute (requests per second
(RPS) or requests per minute (RPM), respectively).
Ruby web applications usually have a limited number of web workers to serve requests, and each
worker is only capable of processing one request at a time. A worker is backed by a Ruby thread or a
system process. Due to the Global Virtual Machine Lock (GVL), adding more threads doesn’t help
us to increase the throughput. Usually, the number of threads is as low as three to five.
Choosing the right number of threads
Since Ruby 3.2, it’s been possible to measure the exact time a Ruby thread spends waiting
for I/O using, for example, the GVLTools library (https://github.com/Shopify/
gvltools). Knowing the exact time, you can choose the number of threads that fits your
application the best.
Scaling with processes requires a proportional amount of RAM. We need to look for other solutions.
Beyond processes and threads – fibers
Ruby has the solution to this concurrency problem – fibers (https://rubyapi.org/3.2/o/
fiber). We can describe it as a lighter alternative to a thread, which can be used for cooperative
concurrency – a concurrency model in which the context switch is controlled by the user, not
the VM. Since Ruby 3, fibers can automatically yield execution on I/O operations (networking,
filesystem access, and so on), which makes them fit the web application use case well. Unfortunately,
Rails itself is not fiber-ready yet, so we cannot fully use web servers that leverage this technology,
such as Falcon (https://github.com/socketry/falcon).
For many years, Rails applications relied on the following idea – to minimize a request time (and,
thus, increase throughput), we should offload as much work as possible to background execution.
Libraries, such as Sidekiq and Delayed Job, brought this idea to life and popularized it, and later, with
the release of Rails 4, Active Job made this approach official.
What a gem – sidekiq
Sidekiq (https://github.com/mperham/sidekiq) is one of the most popular Ruby
gems and the number one background processing engine. It relies on the idea that background
tasks are usually I/O heavy, and thus, we can efficiently scale processing by using Ruby threads.
Sidekiq uses Redis as a queueing backend for jobs, which reduces the infrastructure overhead
and positively impacts performance.
What is a background job? It is a task that’s executed outside of the request-response loop.

13

14

Rails as a Web Application Framework

A typical example of such a task would be sending an email. To send an email, we must perform a
network request (SMTP or HTTP), but we don’t need to wait for it to be completed to send a response
back to the user. How can we break out of the synchronous request-handling operation in Ruby? We
could use threads, which might look like this:
class PasswordResetController < ApplicationController
  def create
    user = User.find_by!(email: params[:email])
    Thread.new do
      UserMailer.with(user:).reset_password.deliver_now
    end
  end
end

This simple solution has a lot of rough edges – we do not control the number of threads, we do not
handle potential exceptions, and we have no strategy on what to do if there are failures. Therefore,
background job abstraction (Active Job, in particular) arose – to provide a general solution to common
problems with asynchronous tasks.
Next, let’s talk about the fundamental concepts of background processing in Rails.

Jobs as units of work
The background job layer is built on top of job and queue abstractions.
Job is a task definition that includes the actual business logic and describes the processing-related
properties, such as retrying logic and execution priority. The latter justifies the need for a separate
abstraction, Job; pure Ruby objects are not enough.
Queues are natural for background jobs in web applications, since we usually want our offloaded
tasks to be executed on a first in, first out basis. Background processing engines can use any data
structure and/or storage mechanism to keep and execute tasks; we only need them to comply with
the queue interface.

Beyond requests – background and scheduled tasks

Figure 1.3 – A high-level overview of the background tasks queue architecture

Background jobs are meant to be independent and can be executed concurrently (although we can
enqueue jobs within jobs forming background workflows). Thus, similar to web requests, background
jobs are also units of work.
Each unit of work in a Rails application can be associated with an execution context. Execution
context is an environment (state) associated with a particular execution frame, which has a clearly
defined beginning and end. For web requests, an environment is defined by an HTTP request and its
properties (for example, user session). Background jobs do not have such natural environments but
can define one. Thus, another utilitarian responsibility of a background job is to define an execution
context for the corresponding business operation.
Thus, the background jobs layer can be seen as the internal inbound layer. Unlike external inbound
layers (for example, controllers), we do not deal with user input here, and hence, no authentication,
authorization, or validation is required. Otherwise, from a software design point of view, jobs can be
treated the same way as controllers.
Most background jobs are initiated within web requests or other jobs. However, there is another
potential trigger – time.

Scheduled jobs
Scheduled jobs are a special class of background jobs that are triggered by a clock, not as a result of
a user action or another job execution. Besides that, there is no difference between scheduled jobs
and regular background jobs.
However, since Rails doesn’t provide a solution to define a jobs schedule out of the box, it’s easy to
escape from the abstraction and come up with a unique (that is, more difficult to maintain) solution.

15

16

Rails as a Web Application Framework

For example, many gems, such as whenever (https://github.com/javan/whenever) or
rufus-scheduler (https://github.com/jmettraux/rufus-scheduler), allow you to
run arbitrary Ruby code or system commands on schedule, not only enqueuing background jobs.
Such custom jobs lack all the benefits of being executed by a background jobs engine – failure handling,
logging, instrumentation, and so on. They also introduce additional conceptual complexity. Scheduled
jobs belong to the same abstraction layer as regular background jobs and, thus, should be a part of
the layer, not its own abstraction (or a lack of it).
We have covered the basics of Rails inbound layers, those responsible for triggering units of work
essential for all web applications. Irrespective of the kind of request that initiates the work, in most
situations such work in a web application would be associated with data reading and writing.

The heart of a web application – the database
A typical web application can be seen as an interface for data. Whether it’s a blogging platform, an
e-commerce service, or a project-management tool, most user interactions are coupled with reading
or storing some information. Of course, there are data-less web applications – for example, proxy
services – but you’re unlikely to choose Ruby on Rails to implement them.
Data is likely to be the most valuable part of your product or service. Just imagine you accidentally
dropped your production database and all the backups – could you carry on? The database is also
usually the most heavily loaded component of your application. The overall performance of your
application depends on how you use the database and keep it in a healthy state.
Thus, while designing our application, we should keep in mind possible performance degradations
related to the database.

The trade-off between abstractions and database performance
One of the main purposes of abstractions is to hide away the implementation details. In theory,
a user should not know what’s happening under the hood of a certain API method. Consider the
following example:
class User
  def self.create(name:)
    DB.exec "INSERT INTO users (name) values (%)", name
  end
end
names = %w[lacey josh]
names.each { User.create(name: _1) }

The User class is our abstraction to work with a database. We added a convenient interface to insert
new records into a database table, which is assumed to be used throughout the application.

The heart of a web application – the database

However, this abstraction could be over-used, thus introducing additional load to our database – whenever
we want to create N users, we execute N queries. If we didn’t use the abstraction, we would write a
single "INSERT INTO…" statement – a much more performant way of achieving the same result.
This is just a basic example that demonstrates the following – hiding implementation details is not equal
to not taking implementation specifics and limitations into account. Abstractions and APIs should be
designed so as to make it harder to shoot yourself in the foot when using them.
One common technique, which leads to non-optimal database interactions, is using domain-specific
languages (DSLs) to define query-building rules. DSLs are powerful tools, but with great power
comes great responsibility.
Let’s look at a more realistic example using the CanCanCan (https://github.com/
CanCanCommunity/cancancan) library. This library allows you to define authorization rules
(abilities) using fancy DSL. The DSL defines a ruleset, which could be used to scope database records.
Here is an example:
can :read, Article do |article|
  article.published_at <= Time.now
end

The rule states that only the already published articles can be accessed by users. This rule is used every
time we call Article.all.accessible_by(user) (for example, when we want to show a
user a list of articles on a home page). How do you think the scoping would be handled in this case?
If we wrote #accessible_by by hand, we would probably perform a single query to return the
desired records – "SELECT * FROM articles WHERE published_at < now()". What
will our library do? It will fetch and then filter all the records using the rule block.
The result is the same, but it would require much more system resources (memory to load a lot of
records and additional CPU cycles to run the block many times). Luckily, CanCanCan allows you to
add a hint on how to transform the block into a query condition:
can :read, Article, "published_at < now()" do |article|
  article.published_at <= Time.now
end

This is an example of a leaky abstraction, an abstraction that exposes implementation details to its
users. In the preceding snippet, our DSL-based configuration file contains the parts of the underlying
database query. In this case, this is a necessary evil. And it can also be seen as an indicator that we
chose the wrong level of abstraction to solve the problem, and now we have to patch it.
When designing abstractions, we should think of potential performance implications beforehand to
avoid leaky abstractions in the future.

17

18

Rails as a Web Application Framework

Database-level abstractions
Abstractions need not be defined in the application code only; we can also benefit from using
abstractions in the database.
The main motivation for considering this approach could be the application performance. Another
possible reason is consistency – the database is the primary source of truth, and databases (relational)
are usually good at enforcing consistency; thus, moving some logic to the database layer can minimize
the risk of data becoming inconsistent.
Even though you can move all your business logic into a database by defining custom functions and
procedures, that’s not the way web (and especially Rails) applications are built. It could be an ideal
way if the only thing we cared about was performance, but we chose web frameworks for productivity.
Nevertheless, some functionality can be implemented at the database level and bring us performance
and productivity benefits. Let’s consider particular examples.
One common task that can be handled at the database layer is keeping track of record changes (for audit
purposes). We can implement this in our Ruby code by adding hooks everywhere we create, update,
or delete records, or go the Rails way and define model-level callbacks (as PaperTrail (https://
github.com/paper-trail-gem/paper_trail) does).
Alternatively, we can leverage database features, such as triggers, and make our database responsible for
creating audit records (as Logidze does). The latter approach has the benefits of being more performant
and reducing the code base complexity. It is worth considering when audit records are not first-class
citizens of your business logic (that is, not involved in other processes beyond auditing).
What a gem – logidze
Logidze (https://github.com/palkan/logidze) is a combination of a database
extension (via PostgreSQL functions) and a Ruby API to track individual record changes
incrementally. It can be used as a general auditing tool and a time-travel machine (to quickly
access older versions of a record).
Another potential use case for giving the database a bit more responsibility is soft deletion. Soft
deletion is an approach where a record is marked as deleted (and made invisible for users) instead of
removing it from the database whenever a logical delete operation should occur. This technique can
be used to provide undo/restore functionality or for auditing purposes.
Besides performance considerations, we may want to add database abstractions for the sake of
consistency. For example, in PostgreSQL, we can create domain types and composite types. Unlike
general constraints, custom types are reusable and carry additional semantics. You can use the pg_
trunk (https://github.com/nepalez/pg_trunk) gem to manage custom types from
Rails (as well as other PostgreSQL-specific features).

Summary

In general, enhancing database logic with custom abstractions is viable if the purpose of the abstraction
is to act as data middleware – that is, treat data in isolation from the application business logic.
Technically, such isolation means that abstraction should be set up once and never changed. I use the
term middleware here to underline the conceptual similarity with Rack middlewares.

Summary
In this chapter, you learned about the primary features and components of web applications. You
learned about the abstraction layers present in Rails applications and how they correspond to the web
nature of Rails and its MVC philosophy. You learned about the unit of work and execution context
concepts and their relationship with the inbound abstraction layers.
You also learned about the potential trade-offs between abstractions and application performance
and, in particular, the database. This chapter demonstrated the fundamental ideas behind the layered
software architecture, which we will refer to a lot throughout the book.
In the next chapter, you’ll dig deeper into the M part of the MVC architecture and learn about the
design ideas that make Active Record the most significant part of the Ruby on Rails framework.

Questions
1.

Do Rails core abstractions (controllers, models, and views) satisfy our requirements for good
abstraction layers?

2.

How many abstraction layers should a Rails application have?

3.

Does the number of abstraction layers affect a Rails application’s performance?

4.

Which problem do we solve by moving execution to background jobs?

5.

What is a leaky abstraction?

Exercises
We learned that handling a web request involves thousands of method calls and allocated Ruby objects.
What if skip the Rack middleware and pass the request to the router directly (Rails.application.
routes.call(request))? What about skipping the router and calling a controller action
right away (for example, PostsController.action(:index).call(request))? Using
trace_location and GC.stats, conduct some experiments and analyze the results. What are
the overheads of the Rack middleware and the router?

Further reading
Polished Ruby Programming (Section 3, Ruby Web Programming Principles): https://www.
packtpub.com/product/polished-ruby-programming/9781801072724

19

2
Active Models and Records
In this chapter, we will dig deeper into the model layer of web applications and how it is implemented
in Rails. The model layer, in a broad sense, is where the actual business logic of the application lives.
If the database is the heart of a web application, the model is its life-blood system. Thus, it requires
your careful attention.
We will learn about the components Rails provides to build the model layer. First, we’ll take a quick
look at a basic Active Record model and examine its responsibilities, from persistence to whatever
you can imagine. Then, we’ll discuss the role of Active Model and how it could be useful on its own.
Finally, we’ll talk about the phenomenon of God objects and how it relates to Active Record.
We will cover the following topics:
• Active Record overview: persistence and beyond
• Active Model: the hidden gem behind Active Record
• Seeking God objects
This chapter aims to familiarize you with the model layer of Ruby on Rails applications and teach
you about its powers and potential pitfalls. This will prepare you for future work on reducing Active
Record’s responsibility in Rails applications and making the model layer healthy and maintainable.

Technical requirements
In this chapter and all chapters of this book, the code given in code blocks is designed to be executed
on Ruby 3.2 and Rails 7. Many code examples will work on earlier versions of the software.
You will find the code files on GitHub at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/
Layered-Design-for-Ruby-on-Rails-Applications/tree/main/Chapter02.

22

Active Models and Records

Active Record overview – persistence and beyond
Ruby on Rails as a framework consists of multiple components or sub-frameworks, each playing a role
in various web application processes (for example, serving HTTP requests or executing background
tasks). Components include Action Pack, Action Cable, Action View, Active Job, and more—the list
changes as Rails matures; some sub-frameworks are being retired (such as Action Web Service), while
others are joining the family.
Among the moving parts, there are constants, and in Rails, such constants are Action Pack and Active
Record. Action Pack is responsible for the HTTP layer (rack and controllers), which was discussed
in Chapter 1, Rails as a Web Application Framework. Active Record’s responsibility is for the model
layer, which we will cover in this chapter.
Action or Active?
How do maintainers decide which prefix to use for a new component: Action or Active? The
rule is not set in stone, but a pattern is noticeable: anything related to user interactions has the
Action prefix (this likely comes from the fact that controllers have actions). On the other hand,
model-related libraries use Active (probably because of Active Record—the first of the kind).
Finally, there is a library that glues both parts of the rail together—Railties.
In the MVC pattern, the model manages data and business logic. How many responsibilities does this
statement hide? Is a single abstraction, such as a model backed by Active Record in Rails, capable of
handling all of them? Let’s try to answer these questions by dissecting the Active Record functionality
from the bottom (a database) to the top (business logic).

Object-relational mapping
The primary responsibility of the Active Record library is to provide access to the application data
stored in a relational database.
There are two general ways to code communication between an application and a SQL database:
• Writing plain SQL queries and using raw result data (for example, arrays and hashes in the
case of Ruby)
• Using the object-relational mapping (ORM) technique
Although sometimes we can benefit from writing SQL by hand, in most cases having an abstraction
to work with a database is more productive. Thus, we will focus only on the second way of coding
communication between an application and a SQL database—ORM.

Active Record overview – persistence and beyond

ORM
ORM implies the use of object-oriented language to communicate with the data store. For
example, a database is queried via ORM API methods; the results are objects, not primitives
(arrays, hashes, scalars). Similarly, writing to a database is done by creating or updating an
object. An ORM implementation performs all the required low-level operations, such as building
SQL queries, under the hood.
ORM is an abstract abstraction. It’s employed by other abstractions, providing actual interfaces. There
are two major ORM abstractions: Data Mapper and Active Record. Let’s explore these two in a bit
more detail.
Rails’ Active Record is apparently an implementation of the Active Record pattern. With this pattern,
objects not only represent database records but also encapsulate read and write operations. In other words,
every model knows how to retrieve data and how to insert or update it (that’s why it’s called Active).
Consider a simple example:
class Book < ApplicationRecord
end
# Inserting data into the database
Book.create!(title: "The Ruby on Rails book")
# Retrieving data via model finder methods
book = Book.find_by(title: "The Ruby on Rails book")
# Modifying data
book.update!(category: "programming")
# Deleting data
book.destroy!

As you can see, we need only a single class to operate on a particular database table and the corresponding
business logic entity. Furthermore, adding Ruby to the equation makes the code extremely readable—
it’s almost plain English. These features make Active Record one of the pillars of Ruby on Rails’
productivity. But what makes you productive in the beginning will hurt you as you grow—let’s talk
about the cons of the Active Record pattern.
The main criticism of the Active Record pattern is based on the fact that it violates the separation of
concerns principle by being both a persistence object and a business model object (or domain object).
Hence, domain objects are highly coupled with the database schema (or vice versa). This high coupling
comes with a lot of consequences:
• The introduction of database schema changes becomes more complicated since models affected
by them could be used across the code base
• Testing is barely possible without creating real database records
• Hiding actual database operations could lead to performance degradations when developers
forget which object methods can perform a query call

23

24

Active Models and Records

This list is incomplete; Active Record is not a perfect pattern, but it’s still the default in Rails. Why?
The answer is simple: having all-in-one objects outweighs the drawbacks associated with productivity
and conceptual overhead (more precisely, the lack of it). In addition, it’s great for quick prototyping
and bringing ideas to life, which is more important in the early days of a product than having a
clean architecture.
Nevertheless, the tradeoffs we just described do not disappear after a successful product launch. You
will have to deal with them eventually—we will talk about how in the second part of this book.
What about the Data Mapper pattern? Does it have the same problems, and if not, why is it not used
by Rails? The following diagram shows the architectural difference between the patterns:

Figure 2.1 – Active Record (left) and Data Mapper (right) architectures

The main difference between Active Record and Data Mapper is that the latter separates models from
persistence. In other words, objects do not know how to persist themselves. Models are just (or could
be) plain Ruby classes, with no strings attached. As a result, separate entities (mappers, repositories,
relations) are used to put objects into and retrieve them from a data store.
For example, the pseudo-code using the Data Mapper pattern could look like this:
class Book < Struct.new(:title, :category)
end
# BookRepository is our mapper implementation
id = BookRepository.insert(title: "Rails and ORM",
    category: "programming")
book = BookRepository.find(id)
book.title #=> "Rails and ORM"

As you can see, the overhead of enforcing the model-persistence separation is not that big: just one
additional Ruby class. However, this is only true for simple use cases such as in the preceding examples.
The biggest challenge when using data mappers is dealing with associations.

Active Record overview – persistence and beyond

Associations are naturally coupled with the persistence layer (a database schema) and thus cannot
be defined in the models and usually go to the mappers. Consider a typical Active Record usage
example—showing the top-three latest comments for the latest user’s post:
user.posts.last.comments.limit(3)

All we need to make this code work as we want is to add a couple of has_many declarations to
our models:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  has_many :posts, -> { order(id: :desc) }
end
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  has_many :comments, -> { order(id: :desc) }
end

To achieve the same with a Data Mapper-backed framework, for example, the Hanami Model
(https://hanamirb.org, v1.3), we need to write the following code:
class PostRepository < Hanami::Repository
  associations do
    has_many :comments
  end
  def latest_for_user(user_id)
    posts.where(user_id:).order { id.desc }.limit(1).one
  end
end
class CommentRepository < Hanami::Repository
  def latest_for_post(post_id, count:)
    comments.where(post_id:)
            .order { id.desc }
            .limit(count).to_a
  end
end
latest_post = PostRepository.new.latest_for_user(user_id)
latest_comments = CommentRepository.new.latest_for_post
  (latest_post.id, count: 3)

Basically, we rewrote everything that Active Record does for us under the hood, from scratch. On the
one hand, we had to write more (boring) code. On the other hand, we now have full control of our
queries and must think about our database communication APIs. And thinking never hurts.

25

26

Active Models and Records

What a gem – rom-rb
Ruby Object Mapper (https://rom-rb.org), or ROM, is the most popular library
implementing the Data Mapper pattern. It allows us to describe objects (called structs) and
mappers (called relations) in a storage-agnostic way, thus, being a real data mapper, not just a
SQL mapper. This level of abstraction gives us a distinctive feature of the library: an ability to
combine mappers backed by different storage implementations. The other thing about ROM is
that it relies on changesets for write operations without using the actual objects and their state
tracking. That makes ROM deviate from the classic definition of the Data Mapper pattern.
We will touch on the Data Mapper pattern and its concepts later in the book. Now let’s continue talking
about Rails Active Record and go one step up from the persistence layer to the actual model layer.

From mapping to the model
The application state, or model, doesn’t only deal with a persistence schema. Moreover, the database
schema is just a reflection of the application model (and in the case of Data Mapper, it could be called
a faint reflection, just an approximation of the application model). The model also describes transition
and consistency rules.
Transition rules define how and when it’s possible to modify the state. Consistency rules define the
restrictions on the possible states. Here are two examples:
• Transition: A post cannot be turned into a draft after it has been published
• Consistency: A post can be created only if it has a non-empty title
The key difference here is that consistency rules are static: we want our state to satisfy consistency
rules at any given time. Transition rules only make sense in the dynamics of the application lifetime.
In Rails, we can define both transition and consistency model rules within Active Record models via
validations. The following code snippet implements the rules from the preceding example:
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  validate :prevent_drafting_published,
    if: -> { published? && will_save_change_to_draft? }
  validates :title, presence: true
  def prevent_drafting_published
    errors.add(:base, "Switching back to draft is not
      allowed for published posts")
  end
end

Active Record overview – persistence and beyond

From the code perspective, the difference between transition and consistency rules is reflected in the
necessity to use conditions for the former ones: the validation is only applied if there is a change in the
record’s state. (The #will_save_change_to_draft? method returns true if the subsequent
call to #save updates the draft attribute.)
Rails provides a powerful validations API (or domain-specific language (DSL)); you can use it (and
many do) to define all the rules in Active Record models. Again, this is great from the conceptual
overhead perspective: whenever you need to implement a rule, you pick the right model and add a
validation. That’s it. Now let’s talk about the tradeoffs of Rails validations.
First and foremost, validations contribute to the model’s class bloat, especially complex ones using
custom methods (such as #prevent_drafting_published in the example). This way, we
turn our model into a validator (or self-validator), thus mixing responsibilities: a model may declare
required validations but not implement them.
So, for example, when we use the built-in presence: true validation, we rely on the
PresenceValidator provided by Rails. Similarly, we can extract custom validations into validation
objects, as seen in the following code (and we don’t even need to go beyond the Rails Way for that):
class Post::DraftValidator < ActiveModel::Validator
  def validate(post)
    return unless post.published?
    return unless post.will_save_change_to_draft?
    post.errors.add(:base, "Switching back to draft is not
      allowed for published posts")
  end
end
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  validates_with DraftValidator
end

Validator objects may perform multiple validations related to each other. For example, all the rules
related to a post-publishing process could be combined within PublishingValidator:
class Post::PublishingValidator < ActiveModel::Validator
  def validate(post)
    return unless post.published?
    validate_publish_date(post)
    validate_author(post)
    # … more validations related to post publishing
  end
end

27

28

Active Models and Records

Each validate_x method performs its checks and populates the #errors set if necessary:
def validate_publish_date(post)
  unless post.publish_date.present?
    return post.errors.add(:publish_date, :blank)
  end
  # Assuming we only publish posts on Tuesdays
  if post.publish_date.wday != 1
    post.errors.add(:publish_date, :not_tuesday)
  end
end
def validate_author(post)
  post.errors.add(:author, :blank) unless post.author
end

In both the DraftValidator and PublishingValidator examples, we have extracted the
implementation into separate classes, but they stayed coupled with the model via the state checks
(such as post.published?). Although we performed pure code refactoring, our model’s behavior
hasn’t changed.
This leads us to the second tradeoff of keeping validations in the model class: such validations are
context-free; they are applied every time we call #save (or #update) independently of the execution
context. For example, a record could be updated or created in response to a user action or during
internal process execution.
Must we apply the same validations in both cases? Unlikely. Validations are usually redundant for
internal operations since we have better control over data. And user-driven updates could also affect
different model attribute subsets, so we don’t need to re-validate everything.
Active Record has a built-in mechanism to define validation contexts—the on option. We usually use
it to define on: :create or on: :update validations. These two are built-in contexts, but you
can define your own named contexts. Let’s, for instance, introduce the publish context to our model:
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  validates_with PublishingValidator, on: :publish
  def publish
    self.status = :published
    save!(context: :publish)
  end
end

Active Record overview – persistence and beyond

That would allow us to drop the post.published? check from the validator and, thus, make it
less dependent on the model.
This technique helps us stay as close to the Rails Way as possible while keeping a decent level of
maintainability in our models. However, as the number of contexts grows, tracking them all within a
single model class becomes more difficult. We will discuss the abstractions that could be used to deal
with the growing model layer complexity regarding validations and rules in Chapter 7, Handling User
Input outside of Models, and Chapter 8, Pulling Out the Representation Layer.
So far, we’ve been mainly considering transition and context-sensitive consistency rules. What
about context-free consistency rules, such as validates :title and presence: true? We
may think of such rules as invariants, which should never be violated; hence, keeping them in the
model is the best option. Here, we should note that for database-backed models, actual consistency
enforcement happens in the database via constraints. Thus, invariant rules should be backed by the
corresponding constraints.
What a gem – database_validations / database_consistency
The database_validations (https://github.com/toptal/database_
validations) gem adds uniqueness and association presence validators, which ensure that
the corresponding constraints (foreign keys or unique indexes) are present in the database.
The database_consistency (https://github.com/djezzzl/database_
consistency) tool compares validations with database constraints and reports when an
inconsistency is detected.
The opposite is not always true; not every constraint should be ported to the application model as a
validation. Why? We add validations to handle potential state violations gracefully and react to them
(for example, provide feedback to users). If a bug in the program could only trigger a constraint failure,
it’s better to rely on exceptions. Validations are for humans; constraints are for machines.
Rules, or validations, describe how an application state can be modified. Every modification can be
seen as an event. Events allow us to chain operation sequences representing the application business
processes. For example, in a hypothetical library application, we could have the following chain:
when a new user is registered, create a personal bookshelf for them, issue a library card, and send a
welcome email. What is a typical Rails Way to implement this in the application code? To use Active
Record callbacks.
Active Record callbacks (and Rails callbacks in general) are a vast topic, which we will discuss in
Chapter 4, Rails Anti-Patterns?. However, for this chapter, we note that Active Record also carries the
responsibility of an event dispatcher.
Let’s move from the application state to the other layers, which could be mixed into Active Record models.

29

30

Active Models and Records

From model to anything
A typical Active Record class in a Rails application contains many more things than just validations,
callbacks, and scopes (we will cover the latter in Chapter 6, Data Layer Abstractions). Trying to fit
all the functionality into the default Rails project layout, a developer tends to turn models into bags
of methods.
We can find pretty much anything in Active Record models:
• Presentation helpers, such as the famous User#full_name
• Other mappers, for example, Post#to_elasticsearch_data
• Calculators and number crunchers, say, Subscription#effective_payment_for_today
• All kinds of notifications: Campaign#send_promo_sms, Meeting#notify_one_
hour_before
• External API calls: Facility#lookup_geolocation!
To sum up, Active Record is the all-in-one solution to describe the application state as well as to
access the underlying data storage. It’s a great example of conceptual compression: just a single object
instead of a combination of mappers, repositories, validators, event dispatchers, presenters, and so on.
So far, we have been using only the term Active Record in this chapter. However, some features and
APIs (for example, validations) are not Active Record’s own; they’re inherited from Active Model, the
core framework for Rails models.

Active Model – the hidden gem behind Active Record
Active Model has been extracted from Active Record in Rails 3.0 (released in 2010). The primary
goal of this extraction was to untie Active Record from Action Pack, to make controllers and views
uncoupled from the persistence layer: the database. Thus, Active Model became a building block for
the M in Rails MVC, covering both persistent and non-persistent models.
Let’s take a closer look at this Rails component and learn how it could be helpful beyond Active Record.

Active Model as an interface
Although usually invisible to developers, Active Model contributes a lot to Rails’ productivity. Many
Rails helpers, such as #redirect_to, #link_to, and so on, rely on the Active Model interface.
In Ruby, when we say interface, we imply duck typing.

Active Model – the hidden gem behind Active Record

If it quacks like a duck, then it must be a duck
Duck typing is a technique of writing code based on the assumption that an object responds
to a given method without checking the object type. Thus, duck types could be seen as implicit
interfaces. However, when using Ruby type signatures, duck types usually correspond to
interface types.
To demonstrate the Active Model duck type in action, let’s consider a simplified version of the
#link_to helper:
def link_to(name, record)
  parts = [""]
  if record.persisted?
    parts << record.model_name.singular_route_key
    parts << record.to_param
  else
    parts << record.model_name.route_key
  end
  content_tag("a", name, {href: parts.join("/")})
end

In the preceding code snippet, the highlighted methods represent the Active Model interface (part
of it). Any Ruby object could be used as a record if it satisfies the interface—see this, for example:
class Book
  attr_reader :id
  def initialize(id) = @id = id
  def persisted? = true
  def to_param = id.to_s
  def model_name
     ActiveModel::Name.new(self.class)
  end
end

Then, we can use a Book object with view helpers like this:
link_to("Object", Book.new(2023)) #=> "/books/2023"

Of course, it’s not necessary to implement all methods yourself to define Active Model-compatible
Ruby classes. Rails gives you a specific module called ActiveModel::API to attach the Active
Model behavior to any object:
class Book
  include ActiveModel::API

31

32

Active Models and Records

  include ActiveModel::Attributes
  attribute :id
  def persisted? = true
end
link_to("Object", Book.new(id: 2023)) #=> "/books/2023"

We also include the ActiveModel::Attributes module, which provides the .attribute
method to declare the model attributes in an Active Record fashion. Attributes can be used to provide
default values and perform type coercions. We will consider these features in further chapters.
If you decide to go with a custom interface implementation without using ActiveModel::API,
you can enforce Active Model compatibility by adding a set of conformance tests via the
ActiveModel::Lint module:
class BookTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase
  include ActiveModel::Lint::Tests
  def setup() = @model = Book.new
end

As you can see, the Active Model API provides a lot of naming methods (via #model_name). This
is a consequence of the convention over configuration principle, the core principle of the Ruby on
Rails framework.
Convention over configuration
Convention over configuration (CoC) is a design paradigm that assumes relying on object
names and project file structure to automatically (or implicitly) infer as much functionality as
possible to reduce the developer’s burden, so they can focus only on what matters for their specific
project instead of spending time on connecting framework pieces together. A great example
of CoC is Active Record: all you need is to name a class according to the name of the database
table (books => Book), and you can use it right away without any additional configuration.
Adhering to the Active Model interface or using its API directly makes it easier to follow Rails
conventions (and, thus, be closer to the Rails Way). Let’s consider an example: implementing a book
collection virtual model for a library application.
Assuming that our library consists of only two collections, ruby and other, we could have the
following implementation:
class Category
  include ActiveModel::API

Active Model – the hidden gem behind Active Record

  ALL = %w[ruby other].freeze
  def self.all = ALL.map { new(category: _1) }
  alias_method :id, :category
  def persisted? = true
  def books = Book.where(category:)
end

We can now use this model in our controllers:
# books_controller.rb
class BooksController < ApplicationController
  def index
    @categories = Category.all
  end
end

We can also use it in our view templates:
# books/index.html.erb
<!-- Uses the categories/_category partial
<%= render @categories %>
# categories/_category.html.erb
<li>
  <!-- Prints /categories/ruby and /categories/other -->
  <%= link_to category.name, category %>
</li>

As you can see, we use our category model like a typical, Active Record-backed, Rails model. We don’t
need to introduce new concepts or helpers, and we don’t have to write a lot of boilerplate code (such
as specifying partials and link URLs explicitly). Another benefit of this approach is that going from a
virtual model to a persistent one wouldn’t require changing the existing code that uses it. Thus, Active
Model can be used as a refactoring primitive for the model layer.
Let’s see how we can use Active Model to refactor Active Record classes.

Active Model as an Active Record satellite
Active Model can be used to tame an Active Record class’s complexity by introducing sidecar objects
backed by the same persistence data. Let’s consider two examples: modeling unstructured data and
extracting domain objects from database rows.

33

34

Active Models and Records

The popularity of the PostgreSQL database (https://www.postgresql.org) among Rails
developers led to the common usage of Active Record stores: attributes containing arbitrary hashes or
arrays, backed by JSONB or HSTORE columns in the database. Using NoSQL (or document-oriented)
features brings a lot of flexibility: we can rely on a single column in a database, whereas previously we would
need to either add new columns or use intermediate tables (like in the Entity-Attribute-Value approach).
Stores are especially useful for read-only data. For example, let’s consider storing a user’s mailing
address as a JSON-encoded string:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  store :address, coder: JSON
end
user = User.create!(address: {country: 'USA',
  city: 'Bronx', street: '231st', zip: 10463})
user.address #=> {"country"=>"USA", "city"=>"Bronx",
  "street"=>"231st", "zip"=>10463}

The value of the address attribute is just a hash. We can’t use it with Action Pack helpers; we can’t
extend it with custom logic. Wrapping it into an Active Model object could bring these benefits:
class User::Address
  include ActiveModel::API
  include ActiveModel::Attributes
  attribute :country
  attribute :city
  attribute :street
  attribute :zip
end
class User < ApplicationRecord
  store :address, coder: JSON
  def address() = @address ||= Address.new(super)
end
user = User.create!(address: {country: 'USA', city:
  'Bronx', street: '231st', zip: 10463})
user.address #=> #<User::Address:…>

We can go further and add validations to our Address model, and thus, keep all the logic related
to a user’s address in a dedicated model:
class User::Address
  # …
  validates :country, :zip, presence: true
end
class User < ApplicationRecord

Active Model – the hidden gem behind Active Record

  validate do |record|
    next if address.valid?
    record.errors.add(:address, "is invalid")
  end
end
user = User.create(address: {})
user.valid? #=> false
user.errors.full_messages #=> ["Address is invalid"]

Wrapping a store attribute into a model requires some additional work. Luckily, there is a library
to make it as easy as possible—Store Model.
What a gem – store_model
Store Model (https://github.com/DmitryTsepelev/store_model) allows
you to attach a model to a store and takes care of integrating it into the host record life cycle
(validations and so on). This gem also supports union types for stores, that is, using a custom
wrapper model depending on the underlying raw data characteristics.
What if we kept our address data in multiple columns instead of putting it into a JSON store? Let’s
assume our user model has address_country, address_city, address_street, and
address_zip attributes. Then, we can use the Active Record built-in .composed_of method
to define an Address domain object on top of these attributes:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  composed_of :address,
    class_name: "User::Address",
    mapping: [%w(address_country), %w(address_city),
      %w(address_street), %w(address_zip)],
    constructor: proc { |country, city, street, zip|
      Address.new({country:,city:,street:,zip:})
    }
end

Here’s an example of composed_of in action:
user = User.create!(address_country: "UK", address_city:
  "Birmingham", address_street: "Livery st", address_zip:
    "B32PB")
user.address.zip #=> "B32PB"

35

36

Active Models and Records

We defined a custom constructor to use our Address class with Active Model attributes. It’s not
necessary to use Active Model-backed objects with .composed_of; you can define a pure Ruby
class or Struct:
Address = Struct.new(:country, :city, :street, :zip)

The question arises of how to choose between a pure Ruby object and Active Model. The answer lies
somewhere between performance and user experience.

Active Model versus Struct – performance implications
Enhancing objects with Active Model features comes at a price, which becomes noticeable when you
initialize tons of such objects during a single unit of work execution. Both CPU (time) and memory
are affected.
Let’s perform a benchmark test to compare Active Model objects with similar Ruby Struct instances:

Class backed by Active Model API
class ActiveUser
  include ActiveModel::API
  attr_accessor :a, :b, :c, :d, :e
end

Class backed by Active Model attributes
class ActiveAttributesUser
  include ActiveModel::API
  include ActiveModel::Attributes
  %i[a b c d e].each { attribute _1 }
end

Plain Ruby Struct
StructUser = Struct.new(:a, :b, :c, :d, :e, keyword_init: true)

To measure the performance difference, we will use the benchmark-ips (https://github.
com/evanphx/benchmark-ips) gem:
Benchmark.ips do |x|
  x.report('struct') { StructUser.new(a: 1, b: 2, c: 3, d:
    4, e: 5) }

Active Model – the hidden gem behind Active Record

  x.report('active model api') { ActiveUser.new(a: 1, b: 2,
    c: 3, d: 4, e: 5) }
  x.report('w/attributes') { ActiveAttributesUser.new(a: 1,
    b: 2, c: 3, d: 4, e: 5) }
  x.compare!
end

To measure the memory footprint, we will use the benchmark-memory (https://github.
com/michaelherold/benchmark-memory) gem:
Benchmark.memory do |x|
  x.report('struct') { StructUser.new(a: 1, b: 2, c: 3, d:
    4, e: 5) }
  x.report('active model api') { ActiveUser.new(a: 1, b: 2,
    c: 3, d: 4, e: 5) }
  x.report('w/attributes') { ActiveAttributesUser.new(a: 1,
    b: 2, c: 3, d: 4, e: 5) }
  x.compare!
end

When running this benchmark on Ruby 3.1.2 and Rails 7.0.3, we can see the following results:
Comparison:
           struct:  2015985.4 i/s
active model api:   580159.3 i/s - 3.47x  (± 0.00) slower
     w/attributes:   164878.1 i/s - 12.23x (± 0.00) slower
Comparison:
           struct:        248 allocated
active model api:        448 allocated - 1.81x more
     w/attributes:       1376 allocated - 5.55x more

As you can see, adding Active Model attributes makes building such objects much slower and performs
more allocations, thus putting additional stress on the Ruby garbage collector, again slowing down
the overall execution. In most cases, we do not create hundreds or thousands of Active Model objects
simultaneously so this overhead would be negligible.
However, there is a particular scenario when you may shoot yourself in the foot by overusing Active
Model: dealing with large collections. For example, if we had an API endpoint returning thousands
of users and their address information (from the previous example), switching from Active Model to
Struct could reduce the request time.
In summary, performance could be a concern on rare occasions, but in most cases, we can afford a
bit of overhead. What about user experience?

37

38

Active Models and Records

Active Model for an Active Record-like experience
So far, we have considered Active Model interface features mostly in the context of Action Pack and
Action View helpers or as a mechanism to define non-persistent models. However, Active Model is
more than that.
Active Model is a fundamental element of providing an Active Record-like experience. It could be used
to provide a familiar interface to any data sources, from NoSQL databases (see Mongoid: https://
github.com/mongodb/mongoid) to REST APIs (see Active Resource: https://github.
com/rails/activeresource).
Why is it important to quack like Active Record? Because all Rails developers know Active Record,
and leveraging well-known patterns is helpful from the principle of least astonishment point of view,
one of the vital software development principles.
What a gem – frozen_record
FrozenRecord (https://github.com/byroot/frozen_record) allows you to turn
static data stored in a filesystem in any format (for example, YAML, JSON) into a queryable
virtual database and access it via Active Record-like models.
Throughout the book, we will use Active Model extensively as a building block for new abstraction
layers. Our goal is to refactor our application to improve its health (or maintainability). In a typical
Rails monolith, the unhealthiest layer is the model layer. So, let’s talk about how we can detect models
which require emergency refactoring.

Seeking God objects
Active Record is the largest part of Rails; its code base contains twice as many files (over 1,000)
and lines of code (over 100,000) as the second largest, which is Action Pack. With that amount of
machinery under the hood, it provides dozens of APIs for developers to use in their applications. As
a result, models inherited from Active Record tend to carry many responsibilities, which we were
trying to enumerate in the previous sections of this chapter. Such over-responsible Ruby classes are
usually referred to as God objects.
From the code perspective, a lot of responsibility means a lot of lines of source code. The number
of lines itself can’t be considered an indicator of unhealthy code. We need better metrics to identify
good candidates for refactoring in our code base. The combination of churn and complexity has been
proven to be such indicators.
Churn describes how often a given file has been modified. A high change rate could indicate a code
design flaw: either we’re adding new responsibilities or trying to eliminate the shortcomings of the
initial implementation. Let’s see how we can obtain the churn factor.

Seeking God objects

Today, every project uses a version control system; thus, we can calculate a given file’s churn as the
total number of commits where the file has been affected. With Git, the following command returns
the churn factor for the User model:
$ git log --format=oneline -- app/models/user.rb | wc -l
408

We can go further and use the power of Unix commands to get the top-10 files according to churn:
find app/models -name "*.rb" | while read file; do echo $file `git log
--format=oneline -- $file | wc -l`; done | sort -k 2 -nr | head

Depending on the project age, you might want to limit the commit date range (by using the
--since option).
With regard to complexity, there is no single algorithm for code complexity to calculate the corresponding
metrics. In Ruby, a tool called Flog (https://github.com/seattlerb/flog) is the de facto
instrument to calculate source code complexity.
This is how we can get the overall complexity for a single file:
$ flog -s app/models/user.rb
274.3: flog total
   8.1: flog/method average

I will leave you to devise a Unix one-liner to get the top-N most complex source files in the project.
Armed with these two metrics, churn and complexity, we can now define the rule of thumb for identifying
Ruby classes that deserve the most refactoring attention. Usually, the churn * complexity
product is used as a cumulative metric. Still, for simplicity, we can say that the intersection of the
top-10 lists for churn and complexity is the starting set.
What a gem – attractor
Attractor (https://github.com/julianrubisch/attractor) is a code complexity
calculation and visualization tool. It calculates both churn and complexity (using Flog) for you
and provides an interactive web interface to analyze the collected data. It supports Ruby and
JavaScript, thus being a complete solution for Rails web applications.
In Ruby on Rails projects, the most complex class, according to the cumulative value, would likely
be one of your core models: user, account, project, or similar. These are typical God object names.
There is no one-size-fits-all solution to return such objects from heaven to earth, but the strategy
described in this book (extracting abstraction layers) will help you keep your objects’ feet on the ground.

39

40

Active Models and Records

Summary
In this chapter, you’ve taken a deeper look at Rails applications’ model and persistence layers. You’ve
learned about two fundamental object-relational mapping patterns, Active Record and Data Mapper,
their pros and cons, and why Active Record better fits the Ruby on Rails paradigm. You’ve learned
about the Active Record framework and its areas of responsibility.
You’ve learned about the Active Model interface and library and how it can be used to build Active
Record-like models and to extract domain models from Active Record. You also learned about the
God object problem and its relationship with code churn and complexity characteristics.
In the next chapter, we will branch out of the MVC path and talk about supporting Rails sub-frameworks,
such as Active Job and Active Storage, and learn about their architectural ideas.

Questions
1.

What is the principal difference between the Active Record and Data Mapper patterns?

2.

When should we use model validations and when should we use database constraints?

3.

What is duck typing, and how is it utilized by Rails?

4.

In which cases are pure Ruby objects (such as Struct instances) preferable to Active Model
enhanced classes?

5.

What is churn, and how does it relate to code complexity?

Exercises
Prepare a Unix one-liner to show top-N complex Ruby files using Flog. Can you combine it with our
churn calculator to show top-N files by churn * complexity?

Further reading
• Patterns of Enterprise Application Architecture (where the Active Record and Data Mapper
patterns were originally introduced by Martin Fowler): https://martinfowler.com/
books/eaa.html
• Polished Ruby Programming (Chapter 15, The Database Is the Key): https://www.packtpub.
com/product/polished-ruby-programming/9781801072724

3
More Adapters, Less
Implementations
In this chapter, we take a tour of the satellite frameworks of Ruby on Rails, such as Active Job and
Active Storage, and learn about their design patterns and techniques. We will start by talking about
the adapter pattern and how it relates to the flexibility, extensibility, and testability of code. We will
also discuss the technique of object serialization in the context of Active Job. Finally, when talking
about Active Storage, we will compare the adapter pattern with the plugin-based architecture.
We will cover the following topics:
• Active Job as a universal queue interface
• Active Storage and its adapters and plugins
• Adapters and wrappers at your service
This chapter aims to familiarize the reader with design techniques that could help to separate the
application code from specific third-party implementations and make application code extensible
and testable.

Technical requirements
In this chapter, and all chapters of this book, the code given in code blocks is designed to be executed on
Ruby 3.2 and Rails 7. Many of the code examples will work on earlier versions of the previously mentioned
software. You will find the code files on GitHub at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/
Layered-Design-for-Ruby-on-Rails-Applications/tree/main/Chapter03.

42

More Adapters, Less Implementations

Active Job as a universal queue interface
In Chapter 1, Rails as a Web Application Framework, we talked about the background jobs layer and its
importance for Rails applications. Before Rails 4.2, we only had implementation-specific mechanisms
to build this layer: Sidekiq workers, delayed method calls (via the delayed_job gem), and so on.
The more implementations, the more code styles and patterns are in use; hence, the higher the learning
curve for a new developer joining a Rails project. Rails’ omakase was incomplete—no item from the
Background processing category was on the menu.
What is omakase?
Omakase is a Japanese term used to describe a meal consisting of dishes selected by the chef.
Rails is omakase means that the framework maintainers have chosen the building blocks for
your application, and they play together nicely.
To solve these problems, the Active Job framework was introduced in Rails 4.2. What is Active Job? Let’s
consider a minimal example—a background job to send an analytics event to some third-party service:
class TrackAnalyticsJob < ApplicationJob
  queue_as :low_priority
  def perform(user, event)
    Analytics::Tracker.push_event(
     {user: {name: user.name, id: user.id}, event:}}
    )
  end
end
TrackAnalyticsJob.perform_later(user, "signed_in")

Active Job provides an abstract interface to enqueue and process background units of work. Such a unit
of work is represented as an instance of a job class with a single entry-point method—#perform. The
job class also provides methods for enqueuing jobs—.perform_later, .perform_at, and so on.
Finally, job classes declare the execution rules: which named queue to use by default, when to retry,
and when to discard the job. For example, we can configure our job class to retry on HTTP API errors
and discard the job if a user is not recognized by the analytics service:
class TrackAnalyticsJob < ApplicationJob
  queue_as :low_priority
  retry_on Analytics::APIError, wait: 3.seconds
  discard_on Analytics::UserNotFound
  # ...
end

Active Job as a universal queue interface

To summarize, an Active Job class is a Ruby class with a standardized public API and abstract
queueing rules.
Let’s see how we go from abstract queues to actual implementations.

Adapterizing queues
There are plenty of background processing options for Rails applications: Sidekiq, which we already
mentioned, Resque, GoodJob, and Sneakers to name a few. They serve the same purpose but have
completely different implementations. However, when using Active Job, choosing a backend is achieved
by specifying a single configuration parameter:
config.active_job.queue_adapter = :sidekiq
# or
config.active_job.queue_adatper = :good_job

What a gem – good_job
GoodJob (https://github.com/bensheldon/good_job) is a multi-threaded
Active Job backend using PostgreSQL as the underlying jobs storage and distribution engine.
It supports recurrent jobs, provides a built-in real-time monitoring dashboard, and can be run
within a Rails server process to reduce deployment complexity (and costs).
How can Active Job work with incompatible backends and provide a unified interface at the same
time? By using the adapter pattern.

Figure 3.1 – Adapter pattern diagram

As you see from the preceding figure, an adapter object knows about both the host (or client) application
and the implementation, while the other two have no direct connections. Let’s see how the adapter
pattern is employed by Active Job.
Pattern – adapter
Adapter is an object that converts an existing interface into another interface expected by the
client (an object using the adapter). Thus, an adapter allows incompatible objects to be used
together. The adapter itself usually doesn’t provide any additional functionality beyond being
a translator. The pattern can be easily found in the physical world: power socket adapters, USB
plugs for cars, and plumbing pipe fittings.

43

44

More Adapters, Less Implementations

The interface expected by Active Job consists of just two methods and can be described using the
following Ruby type signature:
interface ActiveJobAdapter
  def enqueue: (ActiveJob::Base job) -> void
  def enqueue_at: (ActiveJob::Base job, Time ts) -> void
end

Then, the simplest possible adapter can be defined as follows:
class NoOpAdapter
  def enqueue(*) = nil
  def enqueue_at(*) = nil
end

You can attach it to Active Job to disable background jobs completely (since our adapter does nothing):
config.active_job.queue_adapter = NoOpAdapter.new

Even such a simple adapter demonstrates the benefits of using adapters: you only need to change a
single place in your code base to switch between adapters. The application code stays abstract, which
brings lesser coupling and, thus, improves maintainability and reusability.
Although the no-op adapter might look impractical, there could be a situation when you want to turn
off the functionality completely (for example, in test or sandbox environments). Speaking of tests,
adapters positively impact the testing experience.
For example, when using the Active Job test adapter, there are the following benefits:
• We can avoid using actual queue backends in tests, thus avoiding additional setup and overhead
(especially when a queue is backed by a database)
• We can still ensure the correctness of the system under test by verifying the interface contract
To achieve the latter, the Active Job test adapter tracks all enqueued jobs and provides convenient
helpers to use in tests:
class UserTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase
  include ActiveJob::TestHelper
  test "analytics job scheduling" do
    assert_enqueued_with(
      job: TrackAnalyticsJob,
      args: [@user, "signed_in"]) do
      @user.track_event("signed_in")
    end
  end
end

Active Job as a universal queue interface

We don’t need to test that a job has been pushed to a specific queue implementation; that’s not the
responsibility of the application code but the adapter. Still, we need to test the fact that the correct
job has been enqueued, and the test adapter is enough for that. To sum up, adapters improve the
maintainability and testability of code.
In the preceding test example, we can see that we pass an instance of the User class as an argument
(@user). In production, background processing usually happens in a separate Ruby process (a
dedicated background worker). How is it possible to move Ruby classes across isolated environments?
To answer that, we need to look at another prominent feature of Active Job—argument serialization.

Serializing all things
In addition to providing a common jobs interface, Active Job also implicitly assumes that queueing
backends may process jobs in separate application processes or even physical machines. So why do
we need to take the application topology into account?
A job (unit of work) could be described as a pair of the job’s class name and the list of arguments. A
class name is just a string, while arguments can be of any nature. And we need a way to represent the
arguments in a format that can be sent over the wire.
One approach could be to avoid using complex Ruby objects as job arguments. For example, if we used
plain Sidekiq, without Active Job, we would rewrite our class from the previous example as follows:
class TrackAnalyticsWorker
  include Sidekiq::Worker
  def perform(user_id, event)
    user = User.find(user_id)
    Analytics::Tracker.push_event(
     {user: {name: user.name, id: user.id}, event:}}
    )
  end
end
TrackAnalyticsWorker.perform_async(user.id, "signed_in")

We replaced user with user_id and added an additional step to our #perform method: retrieving
a user from the database using the User.find(user_id) identifier.
The difference may not look like a significant one. However, it becomes noticeable when you try to
write the corresponding test case:

Unit-testing an Active Job class
test "analytics active job" do
  event_checker = lambda do |event|
    assert(event => {user: {name: "Vova"}, event: "test"})

45

46

More Adapters, Less Implementations

  end
  user = User.new(name: "Vova")
  Analytics::Tracker.stub :push_event, event_checker do
   TrackAnalyticsJob.perform_now(user, "test")
  end
end

Unit-testing a Sidekiq worker class
test "analytics Sidekiq worker" do
  event_checker = # similar
  user = User.create!(name: "Vova") # !!!
  Analytics::Tracker.stub :push_event, event_checker do
   TrackAnalyticsWorker.new.perform(user.id, "test")
  end
end

Testing Active Job classes relying on Active Record objects can be accomplished without hitting a
database, while for pure Sidekiq workers, we need to have a database involved in testing (let me leave
the case of stubbing User.find for a different book).
So, how does Active Job handle passing complex objects as arguments? The answer is by using serialization.
Serialization is the process of transforming an object into a format that could be moved to a different
execution environment and reconstructed later. The object performing (de)serialization is called
a serializer:
In the Ruby world, popular serialization formats are JSON and YAML. There is also the Ruby Marshal
standard library, which allows the conversion of any Ruby objects into byte streams and vice versa.
However, Active Job uses custom serialization. Why so? Although the actual reasons are unknown
to the author, we can assume that one of them is handling Active Record objects. Since the Active
Record object is highly coupled with the persistence layer, we must use this layer to restore it from
any format because the state of the object might have changed after the serialization.
To solve this problem, the GlobalID identification mechanism has been introduced (via the
corresponding library). GlobalID allows representing Ruby classes as uniform resource locators
(yes, URLs). Take the following example:
user = User.find(1)
user.to_global_id #=> gid://app/User/1

Active Job as a universal queue interface

Here, app is the locator namespace. Each namespace has its deserialization implementation (locator).
Then goes the model name (User) and the model ID (1). The default locator for Active Record is
defined as follows:
GlobalID::Locator.use :app do |gid|
  gid.model_name.constantize.find(gid.model_id)
end

To restore a record from a GlobalID, you should use the GlobalID::Locator.
locate(gid) method.
GlobalID URLs may also contain query params. This makes it possible to use GlobalID for
arbitrary Ruby objects with just a few lines of code. First, we register our custom locator:
GlobalID::Locator.use :pogo do |gid|
  gid.model_name.constantize.new(**gid.params)
end

Then, we make our Ruby class globally identifiable:
class Category < Struct.new(:name, keyword_init: true)
  include GlobalID::Identification
  alias_method :id, :name
  def to_global_id(options = {})
    super({name:}.merge!(options).merge!(app: "pogo"))
  end
end

This is how you can use GlobalID::Locator to restore an object from its identifier:
original = Category.new(name: "ruby")
located = GlobalID::Locator.locate(original.to_global_id)
located == original #=> true

Now that we know about GlobalID, we may deduce how Active Job serialization works. Whenever
an argument supports GlobalID identification, transform it via the #to_global_id method
when enqueuing a job. Before calling the #perform method, restore all the serialized arguments
using the GlobalID::Locator.locate method. Thus, for an Active Record object, Active Job
calls .find for us implicitly.
GlobalID is not the only way to serialize complex job arguments. You can also define a custom
serializer for your class:
module ActiveJob::Serializers
  class CategorySerializer < ObjectSerializer
    def serialize(cat) = super("name" => cat.name)

47

48

More Adapters, Less Implementations

    def deserialize(h) = Category.new(name: h["name"])
    private def klass = Category
  end
end
# in your application.rb
config.active_job.custom_serializers <<
  ActiveJob::Serializers::CategorySerializer

The following diagram demonstrates the role and place of serializers in Active Job:

Figure 3.2 – Payload serialization in Active Job

Implicit serialization can simplify your job classes and reduce their responsibility (they no longer
need to convert the arguments to the actual objects). However, like every implicit functionality, it
could lead to confusion. It would help if you never forgot that the objects enqueued and the objects
received by a job instance are not the same Ruby objects.
The objects passed to #perform are fresh, reconstructed versions, unless you instantiate job class
instances explicitly in your code for some reason (and thus, break the idea of Active Job being an
execution context boundary).
Let’s move to Active Job’s sibling, Active Storage, and see what these two libraries have in common
and what other patterns Active Storage relies on.

Active Storage and its adapters and plugins
Active Storage is a relatively new addition to Ruby on Rails (added in 5.2). This library aims to satisfy
your needs regarding file uploads.
With Active Storage, enhancing a model with a file-backed attribute is as simple as adding a single
line of code:
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  has_one_attached :image
end

Then, you can attach a file to a record by simply passing it along with other attributes:
# Now you can create a post with an image
image = File.open("example.png")

Active Storage and its adapters and plugins

post = Post.create!(title: "Test")
post.image.attach(io: image, filename: "example.png")
# Use a variant of the image somewhere in a template
<%= image_tag post.image.variant(resize: "400x300") %>

From an architectural point of view, Active Storage can be divided into four components:
• Uploading and serving files (controllers, helpers, and client libraries)
• Active Record integration (has_one_attached and other macros, the Attachment model)
• Storage integration (services)
• Processing utilities (analyzers and transformers)
The first two components provide most of the public API we use in applications. This API is abstract;
it has no assumptions regarding how and where we store and process files (the latter two components).
To draw an architectural line between these two groups, Active Storage uses the adapter and the
plugin patterns.
The adapter pattern is used for Active Storage services: objects responsible for communicating with
the underlying storage implementations (filesystem, cloud providers, and so on). On the other
hand, being an adapter, a service object provides a known Active Storage interface (#download,
#upload, #exists?, and so on). This makes it possible to use different storage backends in different
environments freely:

Development: use local hard disk
# config/storage/development.yml
primary:
  service: disk
  # …

Production: use Google Cloud Storage
# config/storage/production.yml
primary:
  service: GSC
  # …

Note that in the preceding example, I use the same service name but different backends for different
environments instead of keeping a single storage.yml file with all definitions and setting
config.active_storage.service for each environment (the approach widely spread among
Rails developers).

49

50

More Adapters, Less Implementations

This way, we avoid leaking storage information to the application in case we have different backends
configured for different models. For example, compare the following two versions of the same class:

Using implementation-specific service name
class User < ApplicationRecord
  # With storage.yml, service names refer to implementation
  has_one_attached :avatar, service: :s3
end

Using application-specific (abstract) service name
class User < ApplicationRecord
  # With per-environment configs, we use abstract names
  has_one_attached :avatar, service: :small_images_storage
end

The benefits of the adapterized storage are roughly the same as in Active Job and its queueing backends:
flexibility, extensibility, and testability. By testability, here I mean making it possible to write integration
tests involving file manipulations without needing to configure external storage—using the local
filesystem is enough.
What about file processing? That’s where the plugin-based architecture comes onto the stage.

Adapters versus plugins
As we already mentioned, Active Storage allows you to transform uploaded files: generate image
variants and extract previews and metadata from many file formats. To transform images, the
ImageProcessing (https://github.com/janko/image_processing) gem is used, and
Rails allows you to choose between ImageMagick and libvips to do the actual work (adapters,
again). Previewers and analyzers (metadata extractors) are designed differently—they are plugins.
Pattern – plugin
Plugin is a standalone, independent component that could be used to enhance the core system
with additional capabilities or custom processing logic. In a plugin-based architecture, the core
system provides the extension points for plugins to hook into (and plugins must implement a
common interface expected by the core system).

Active Storage and its adapters and plugins

Let’s look at the default previewers and analyzers included in Rails 7:

Default Active Storage previewers
config.active_storage.previewers = [ActiveStorage::
  Previewer::PopplerPDFPreviewer, ActiveStorage::
    Previewer::MuPDFPreviewer, ActiveStorage::
      Previewer::VideoPreviewer]

Default Active Storage analyzers
config.active_storage.analyzers = [ActiveStorage::
  Analyzer::ImageAnalyzer::Vips, ActiveStorage
    ::Analyzer::ImageAnalyzer::ImageMagick, ActiveStorage::
      Analyzer::VideoAnalyzer, ActiveStorage::
        Analyzer::AudioAnalyzer]

The class names indicate that each previewer/analyzer relies on a particular tool, and thus, we might
call them adapters. Why do we call them plugins, then? The key difference between adapters and
plugins is that plugins provide additional functionality, not just an expected interface.
For example, an Active Storage analyzer can return any hash as metadata; that is, we can use an analyzer
to retrieve data specific to our application, not just to comply with the framework.
However, Active Storage’s plugin system is limited: even though we have lists of plugins, only a single
previewer/analyzer can be applied to a file. The chosen one is selected by using the activation callback
(.accept?). Take the following example:
module ActiveStorage
  class Analyzer::AudioAnalyzer < Analyzer
    def self.accept?(blob)
      blob.audio?
    end
  end
end

This activation callback is an important technique when using plugins since it makes plugins selfcontained. Thus, we can add and remove them from the registry without changing anything else in
our system.
To overcome the singleton limitation, we can use inheritance as a workaround. Let’s consider the
following use case—retrieving ID3 tags from MP3 files in addition to general metadata:
class CustomAudioAnalyzer < ActiveStorage::
  Analyzer::AudioAnalyzer

51

52

More Adapters, Less Implementations

  def metadata
    super.merge(id3_data)
  end
  private def id3_data
    tag = download_blob_to_tempfile do |file|
      ID3Tag.read(File.open(file.path))
    end
    {title: tag.title, artist: tag.artist}
  end
end

This example also demonstrates the usage of analyzers to solve an application-specific task, thus
advocating for calling them plugins rather than adapters.
Continuing the comparison, we can say that plugins have the same advantages as adapters. For
example, we can use different plugins in a test environment. This is how we can speed up tests by
stubbing preview generation:
class DummyVideoPreviewer < ActiveStorage::Previewer
  def self.accept?(...) = true
  def preview(**options)
    io = File.open(Rails.root.join "spec" / "files" /
      "1.png")
    yield io:, filename: "#{blob.filename.base}.png",
      content_type: "image/png", metadata: {"dummy" =>
        true}, **options
  end
end
# config/environments/test.rb
config.active_storage.previewers = [DummyVideoPreviewer]

Now that we have learned about how Rails uses adapters and plugins, let’s see how we can apply the
same techniques to our application code.

Adapters and wrappers at your service
Ruby on Rails is a universal web framework, and the usage of adapters and plugins could be easily
justified. But do we need the same level of flexibility and extensibility in applications built with Rails?
The answer is, as always, it depends. So let me share some particular use cases when using separation
patterns is especially helpful.
Modern applications are not isolated pieces of software. Usually, we rely on dozens of third-party
services to outsource some functionality. For example, we send emails and other notifications, perform
data analysis, collect analytics, and so on. In most cases, there are a variety of third-party providers
to choose from.

Adapters and wrappers at your service

We can start injecting the provider directly into our application code without using any pattern. Let’s
consider, for example, adding a URL-shortening feature.
Assuming we chose bit.ly and the corresponding gem (https://github.com/philnash/
bitly) as the implementation, we might define a singleton API client and use it directly in the
application code:
# config/application.rb
config.bitly_client = Bitly::API::Client.new(
  token: Rails.credentials.bitly_api_token
)
# any/where.rb
short_url = Rails.application.config
    .bitly_client.shorten(long_url: url).link

Congratulations! We just implanted a third-party service into our application domain, thus increasing
the maintenance cost (consisting of the costs of refactoring, testing, and debugging).
The simplest fix would be to introduce a Shortener domain object, and use it as a wrapper over
a Bitly client:
class Shortener
  class << self
    delegate :shorten, to: :instance
    def instance = @instance ||= new
  end
  def initialize(token: Rails.credentials.bitly_api_token)
    @client = Bitly::API::Client.new(token:)
  end
  def shorten(long_url)
    @client.shorten(long_url:).link
  end
end

Here is an example usage of the Shortener object:
Shortener.shorten("https://rubyonrails.org")

The wrapper pattern could be seen as a degenerate case of the adapter pattern. With a wrapper object,
we have both an application-level interface and the implementation encapsulation. However, to switch
between implementations, we need to rewrite the wrapper code. Thus, a wrapper is an applicationlevel gateway to implementation, as depicted in the following diagram:

53

54

More Adapters, Less Implementations

Figure 3.3 – Wrapper pattern diagram

Using a wrapper, we localized all the code depending on a third-party vendor to a single class.
This allows us to introduce changes and fixes much easier (for example, add exception handling,
instrumentation, and logging). What about testability? Wrappers are usually much easier to deal with
in tests than implementations. In our shortener example, performing actual API calls in tests is not
desirable; so, we can use stubs:
test "with shortener" do
  Shortener.stub :shorten, "http://exml.test" do
     result = some_method_using_shortener
     assert result.include?("http://exml.test")
  end
end

We can go further and introduce real adapters. For example, we may want to disable URL shortening
in some environments (such as staging). This can be achieved by adding a conditional check to the
#shorten method, but such modification would violate the single responsibility principle.
We can do better and adapterize our shortener:
class Shortener
  class << self
    attr_writer :backend
    delegate :shorten, to: :backend
    def backend
      @backend ||= BitlyBackend.new
    end
  end
  class BitlyBackend
   # …
  end
  class NoOpBackend
    def shorten(url) = url
  end
end

Now we can use a custom implementation in different environments, as in the following example:
# config/environments/staging.rb
Shortener.backend = Shortener::NoOpBackend.new

Summary

A question may arise: aren’t we overengineering here? No, we aren’t. As soon as we face the requirement
of using different implementations in different environments (even non-production ones), using
adapters is justified. Otherwise, wrappers are good enough.
In this chapter, we, for the first time, went through the process of refactoring for maintainability. Step
by step, we improved the quality of our code by utilizing design patterns. Note that we introduced
breaking changes only in the first step. This is an important principle of gradual refactoring: localizing
the code under refactoring first and subsequently improving its quality in isolation. We will follow
this principle in the rest of the book.

Summary
In this chapter, you got familiar with Rails components such as Active Job and Active Storage and
the architectural patterns used by them. You’ve learned how adapters help us to decouple application
code from particular functionality providers. You’ve learned about how plugins allow us to extend
the application functionality without interfering with other code.
You’ve learned about important characteristics of code, such as flexibility, extensibility, and testability,
and how to improve them using the aforementioned patterns. You also learned about the process of
gradual refactoring and its key principles.
In the next chapter, we will finish exploring the classic Rails way by looking at its controversial patterns
and techniques, such as callbacks and global state objects.

Questions
1.

What is serialization, and how does Active Job benefit from using it?

2.

What is the difference between an adapter and a plugin?

3.

What is the difference between a wrapper and an adapter?

4.

What is the key principle of gradual refactoring?

Exercises
Without looking into the Rails source code, try to build an inline Active Job adapter (which performs
jobs right after they have been enqueued). Then, think about how to implement an #enqueue_at
functionality with pure Ruby.

Further reading
• Gem Check. Writing better Ruby gems checklist: https://gemcheck.evilmartians.io/
• Polished Ruby Programming, Jeremy Evans (Chapter 8, Designing for Extensibility): https://
www.packtpub.com/product/polished-ruby-programming/9781801072724

55

4
Rails Anti-Patterns?
In this chapter, we will touch on the hot topic of the Rails way controversy. Being almost a 20-year
framework, Ruby on Rails has gotten its portion of criticism (it’s doubtful that software used by
millions would get only positive feedback). We select the most debated Rails features and discuss
how to make friends (not foes) with them. We will start by discussing Action Controller and Active
Record callbacks. Then, we will move on to Rails concerns. Finally, we look at different examples of
using global state in Rails applications.
We will cover the following topics:
• Callbacks, callbacks everywhere
• Concerning Rails concerns
• On global and current states
This chapter teaches you how to use these debated techniques mindfully and what alternatives to
consider when an application outgrows the Rails way. From the perspective of layered architecture,
the considered features can quickly turn into anti-patterns, since they tend to cross the boundaries
between layers and lead to code that attracts many responsibilities (some of the patterns described
in this chapter encourage developers to write code violating the single responsibility principle (or
separation of concerns).
In other words, using these patterns leads to code with many responsibilities). Thus, the goal of this
chapter is to learn how to prepare the code base to be layering-ready.

Technical requirements
In this chapter and throughout this book, the code given in code blocks is designed to be executed on
Ruby 3.2 and Rails 7. Many of the code examples will work on earlier versions of the aforementioned
software. You will find the code files on GitHub at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/
Layered-Design-for-Ruby-on-Rails-Applications/tree/main/Chapter04.

58

Rails Anti-Patterns?

Callbacks, callbacks everywhere
The callback functionality backs most Rails entities (controllers, models, channels, and so on). What
is a callback? A callback is a piece of code executed when an operation is performed on the object.
The execution of callbacks happens indirectly – that is, the operation only provides hooks but has
zero knowledge of which callbacks are attached to it and their purposes.

Figure 4.1 – The execution of an operation with callbacks

Callbacks might remind you of the plugin-based architecture we discussed in Chapter 3, More Adapters,
Less Implementations, but on a micro-scale (defined within a single Ruby class). Although there are
similarities, there is a crucial difference between these two concepts – unlike plugins, callbacks don’t
have to implement a particular interface, and they have no limits, neither technically nor conceptually.
That makes them both powerful and dangerous.
Let’s see how these properties express themselves in Rails controllers and models.

Callbacks under control (and in controllers)
Callbacks can help to move aside secondary or utilitarian functionality from an operation and only
leave in the function’s body what matters the most – its core purpose. In other words, if we think of
callbacks as ad hoc middleware (see Chapter 1, Rails as a Web Application Framework, for the middleware
pattern), we can benefit from using them. This type of thinking applies perfectly to Rails controllers.
Let’s consider an example controller class – a typical resourceful Rails controller for the Post resource
– and its #update action, responsible for modifying posts:
class PostsController < ApplicationController
  before_action :authenticate!
  before_action :load_post, only: [:show, :update]
  after_action :track_post_view, only: [:show]
  def update

Callbacks, callbacks everywhere

    if @post.update(post_params)
      redirect_to @post
    else
      render action: :edit
    end
  end
  private
  def load_post = @post = Post.find(params[:id])
  def track_post_view
    # for example, enqueue a background job from here
  end
end

The #update action only contains the code required to perform the actual record modification and
generate a response, but the whole execution consists of the following phases:
1.

Authenticating a user (before_action :authenticate!).

2.

Looking up a post record in the database (before_action :load_post).

3.

Performing the update operation (@post.update).

4.

Preparing the response (redirect or render).

The first is an action guard (authentication and authorization are typical examples). The second one
is responsible for data preloading. Only the latter two are essential for this action (#update action);
thus, they’re defined within the #update method.
We also have an after-action callback for the #show action (#track_post_view), but the #show
method itself is missing. How so? We rely on the implicit behavior for this action – rendering the
posts/show template.
Since preliminary checks and data loading happen within callbacks, we don’t need to define the
method itself. However, having an empty #show method would be nice to indicate which actions
are available in this controller.
Without callbacks, we would have to write our actions like this:

Show action
def show
  authenticate!
  @post = Post.find(params[:id])
  track_post_view
end

59

60

Rails Anti-Patterns?

Update action
def update
  authenticate!
  @post = Post.find(params[:id])
  if @post.update(post_params)
    redirect_to @post
  else
    render action: :edit
  end
end

The amount of action methods code got doubled and the code duplication increased, and that’s just
by unwrapping the callbacks defined in the PostsController class. Most applications define
callbacks in the base controller class too.
While controller-specific callbacks usually deal with action requirements and data preloading,
callbacks defined in the ApplicationController class (and other base classes) usually prepare
the execution context for the current request. The following is an example of such context definitions
– setting the current user’s local and time zone for every request:
class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base
  around_action :with_current_locale
  around_action :with_current_tz, if: :current_user
  private
  def with_current_locale(&)
    locale = params[:locale] || current_user&.locale ||
      I18n.default_locale
    I18n.with_locale(locale, &)
  end
  def with_current_tz(&)
    Time.use_zone(current_user.time_zone, &)
  end
end

The critical rule for contextual callbacks is that deleting them shouldn’t break the controllers inherited
from the application controller. In other words, callbacks shouldn’t introduce hidden dependencies.
One example of a hidden dependency is a global authentication (or authorization) callback:
class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base
  before_action :authenticate_user!

Callbacks, callbacks everywhere

  private
  def authenticate_user!
    current_user || redirect_to(login_path)
  end
  def current_user
    # …
  end
end

Now, imagine that we decided to make some posts accessible to anonymous users. To accomplish that, we
must modify the callback chain for a particular action by using the #skip_before_action method:
class PostsController < ApplicationController
  skip_before_action :authenticate!, only: [:show]
  def show
    authenticate! unless @post.is_public?
  end
end

Skipping a callback introduces the dependency on the internals of the parent class. Before this change,
we might only depend on the presence of the current user, but now our code also depends on the
actual method name and the callback, which guarantees the presence of the user.
For now, we can afford to skip a callback, but what if we add a new global callback, which relies on
successful authentication? For example, we may want to add page view tracking functionality to
every page:
class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base
  before_action :authenticate_user!
  after_action :track_page_view
  private
  def track_page_view
    current_user.track_page_view!(request.path)
  end
end

This addition will result in a NoMethodError exception for the posts#show action for public
posts. To resolve it, we will have to either modify the #track_page_view code or add skip_
after_action to the PostsController class.

61

62

Rails Anti-Patterns?

Another option here is to add if: :current_user to the after_action call. Either way,
skipping a callback down the ancestor chain can trigger a chain reaction of modifications in parent
classes. Lucky you if you have decent test coverage to catch them all before pushing code to production.
A similar problem with hidden dependencies can occur when callbacks are not scoped to specific
actions (via the only: option). If that’s the case, adding new actions to a controller class (explicitly
or by including modules) can result in unexpected behavior or failures.
Apart from the aforementioned pitfalls, controller action callbacks are safe to use since they are only
executed in the HTTP layer, and controller-specific callbacks are only triggered by a limited and small
number of operations (HTTP requests). However, the deeper callbacks lie in the architecture layer
hierarchy, the more dangerous they can be.
For example, callbacks defined in models can be triggered by various interactions and different layers;
losing control of them is easy. Let’s move on to the dark side of Rails callbacks and discuss how they
affect Active Record models.

Active Record callbacks go wild
Similarly, as controller callbacks are hooked into the request handling phases, model-level callbacks
are injected into an object’s life cycle events. Unlike controllers, which only have three callback types
for a single event (before_action, around_action, and after_action), Active Record
provides 19 (nineteen!) different callbacks. You can list them all by looking at the following constant:
p ActiveRecord::Callbacks::CALLBACKS
#=> [:after_initialize, :after_find, :after_touch, :before_validation,
:after_validation, :before_save, :around_save, :after_save, :before_
create, :around_create, :after_create, :before_update, :around_update,
:after_update, :before_destroy, :around_destroy, :after_destroy,
:after_commit, :after_rollback]

You can go far in project development in Ruby on Rails by simply dropping callbacks into model classes.
No additional abstractions or modifications in other application layers are required – it’s as easy as that!
Let’s consider a canonical example of using Active Record callbacks – sending welcome emails to
new users:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  after_commit :send_welcome_email, on: :create
  private
  def send_welcome_email
    UserMailer.welcome(self).deliver_later
  end
end

Callbacks, callbacks everywhere

With just a few lines of code, we’ve implemented a product feature. We don’t even need to know when
and how User.create(params) is called; we’re assured that the email will be sent. So, let’s move
on to the next feature!
As our application evolves, new use cases appear, such as analytics or CRM software integrations, and
prepopulating default data for new users. We want to stay productive, so we will use model callbacks
again and again:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  after_create :generate_initial_project
  after_commit :send_welcome_email, on: :create
  after_commit :send_analytics_event, on: :create
  after_commit :sync_with_crm
end

Then, we are likely to introduce new concepts to our models, such as roles and privacy settings, which
can affect the existing callback behavior. So, we will introduce conditions:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  after_create :generate_initial_project, unless: :admin?
  after_commit :send_welcome_email, on: :create
  after_commit :send_analytics_event,
               on: :create, if: :tracking_consent?
  after_commit :sync_with_crm
end

Eventually, the object life cycle becomes so entangled that it’s hardly possible to predict the consequences
of a single User.create(params) call.
With each added callback, the level of indirection grows, thus making the code base more error-prone
– a change in one place can affect the other parts. From an architectural point of view, attaching side
effects mixes new responsibilities into model classes, blending abstractions together (we discussed
this problem in Chapter 2, Active Models and Records).
Another downside is test performance degradation – callbacks are executed whenever you create a
record, but for most tests, you don’t need all the side effects to take action. Want to skip a specific
callback in a particular context? Different callbacks in different contexts? Everything is possible –
just drop a few virtual attributes to control the callback execution. (And good luck with such code).
For example, let’s skip the welcome email and interact with CRM independently:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  attr_accessor :skip_welcome_email, :skip_crm_sync
  after_create :generate_initial_project, unless: :admin?
  after_commit :send_welcome_email,

63

64

Rails Anti-Patterns?

               on: :create, unless: :skip_welcome_email
  after_commit :send_analytics_event,
               on: :create, if: :tracking_consent?
  after_commit :sync_with_crm, unless: :skip_crm_sync
end

Introducing new logical branches, as demonstrated in the preceding code, is like trying to use a bandaid to keep together broken bones – it is only helpful in the short term (i.e., to reach a hospital). For
the long haul, more radical interventions are required to keep the code base healthy.
Since complexity grows with an increase in the number of callbacks and their conditions, a straightforward
optimization is apparently to extract callbacks from the model. Some developers even advocate for
avoiding model callbacks altogether. But where should we put the corresponding logic? To answer
this question, let’s try to categorize model callbacks first.

Transformers and utility callbacks
The variety of Active Record model callbacks you can meet in the wild deserves its own book or even
an encyclopedia. For the purpose of this section, let’s consider only the most common exemplars.
Our goal is to devise a method of scoring model callbacks on a scale from 0 (keep away from models)
to 5 (good to keep in models).
First, we’ll take a look at transforming callbacks, or callbacks that modify data to be persisted. Such
callbacks are usually used to populate default or computed values.
Let’s consider a Post model with some transformer callback examples:
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  before_validation :compute_shortname, on: :create
  before_validation :squish_content, if: :content_changed?
  before_save :set_word_count, if: :content_changed?
  validates :short_name, :content, :word_count,
            presence: true
  private
  def compute_shortname
    self.short_name ||= title.parameterize
  end
  def squish_content
    content.squish!
  end
  def set_word_count
    self.word_count = content.split(/\s+/).size

Callbacks, callbacks everywhere

  end
end

In this example, we will use callbacks to provide a default value for the #short_name attribute
during the post creation and calculate the number of words whenever the post contents change. Both
attributes are required; hence, ensuring their presence in the model itself is a good way to go – I give
these callbacks 5 out of 5.
In the preceding snippet, we also have a normalization callback – #squish_content (which
removes unnecessary white space). Content is generated by users; thus, its value is user input, and
handling input goes beyond the model layer’s responsibility. However, without normalization in place,
we will have to add a validation to ensure that the content’s format is correct.
That sounds like a massive overhead with minimal value to maintain the code base, or refactoring just
for the sake of refactoring. So, I give this normalization callback 4. By the way, Rails 7.1 introduced a
new .normalizes API to declare attributes normalization rules without messing with callbacks:
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  normalizes :content, with: -> { _1.squish }
end

The new normalization interface can make normalization callbacks obsolete. Still, we have other use
cases for callbacks. Let’s continue exploring our example.
The word_count attribute can also be seen as an example of denormalization. That leads us to
the second callbacks category – technical/utility callbacks. Such callbacks are added to solve some
technical problems – for example, to help with caching or improve performance.
Usually, utility callbacks are defined by the framework or third-party Active Record extensions.
Let’s consider the Comment model representing comments on posts (backed by the Post model
defined previously):
class Comment < ApplicationRecord
  belongs_to :post, touch: true, counter_cache: true
end

Although we haven’t defined any callbacks, the belongs_to association added at least a couple for
us. Here is the explicit version of the same class:
class Comment < ApplicationRecord
  belongs_to :post
  after_save { post.touch }
  after_create do
    Post.increment_counter(:comments_count, post_id)
  end

65

66

Rails Anti-Patterns?

  after_destroy do
    Post.decrement_counter(:comments_count, post_id)
  end
end

We will touch (update the updated_at value) a post to bust the corresponding cache (for example,
cached view partials or JSON responses). Keeping the current comments count in the post record (as
posts.comments_count) helps us avoid expensive SELECT COUNT(*) queries. Thus, both
features (caching and counter denormalization) are performance-oriented. On the other hand, we can
see how particular use cases leak into the model. The responsibility is diluted briefly. But, again, as with
normalization callbacks, we can afford it; it can bring significant value (in this case, a performance
boost) with the least possible amount of work. So, 4 out of 5.
What a gem – activerecord-slotted_counters
On a larger scale, updating counter caches can result in noticeable lock contention at the
database level. For example, when dozens of comments per second are created for the same post,
all transactions with counter cache updates (triggered by callbacks) would fall in line, trying
to acquire access to the same database record. The Active Record Slotted Counters library
(https://github.com/evilmartians/activerecord-slotted_counters)
provides an elegant solution to reduce this contention by spreading the counter value across
multiple database rows in a dedicated table. This approach can help you to stay in the comfort
zone of Rails callbacks for a longer time (but not forever).

Operations and event handlers
Let’s go back to our User class and see what kind of callbacks we have there:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  after_create :generate_initial_project, unless: :admin?
  after_commit :send_welcome_email, on: :create
  after_commit :send_analytics_event,
               on: :create, if: :tracking_consent?
  after_commit :sync_with_crm
end

All four callbacks describe additional operations to be executed when a new user is created, or an
existing one is updated. I would score all of them as 1 or 2 at most – that is, they’d better be moved
away from the model class. Why so? From the layered Rails perspective, these operations escape from
the model layer and cross the boundaries, thus resulting in the model becoming hyper-responsible
(and turning into a God object). Let’s for a moment forget about the layers and talk about how we
can approach such callbacks without focusing on high matters.

Callbacks, callbacks everywhere

The major indications of out-of-place model callbacks are conditions (unless: :admin?) and
collaboration with non-model objects (mailers, API clients, and so on), especially with remote
peers. By remote peers, I mean peripheral actors (analytics and CRM integration) and non-adjacent
domain entities.
Conditions usually imply some context. For example, the generate_initial_project callback
is likely a part of the user registration process. Sending a welcome email is also a part of this process.
Thus, we have two groups of callbacks in the User model – context-sensitive operations and remote
peer communication. Let’s talk about the possible ways to extract them from the model.
We will use the words communication and remote peers to describe the send_analytics_event
and sync_with_crm callbacks, respectively. Alternatively, we can call them event handlers. An
event handler reacts to a particular event type and performs a specific operation – for example, a
user.registered (event), which tracks an analytics event (operation), and user.updated
(event), which synchronizes with a CRM system (operation). Thinking about events is an important
step toward better architecture. So, let’s try to make it!
Pattern – event sourcing
Event-driven architecture shouldn’t be confused with event sourcing. Event sourcing implies
storing a domain object state as a stream of events (modifications), not as a single value. That
allows us to navigate historical states and apply retroactive changes. So, event sourcing is about
persistence, while event-driven architecture is about communication between system components.
An event-driven system includes publishers, subscribers, and a message bus (or broker). How they are
represented in a Rails application depends on the chosen implementation (library). For demonstration
purposes, we can build a simple pub/sub system on top of Active Support Notifications – the
instrumentation framework built into Rails.
First, let’s refactor the model and replace the CRM-related callback with the corresponding event publishing:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  after_commit do
    ActiveSupport::Notifications.instrument(
     "updated.user", {user: self}
    )
  end
end

Now, we need to create a subscriber and subscribe it to the corresponding event ("updated.user"):
class UserCRMSubscriber < ActiveSupport::Subscriber
  def updated(event)
    user = event.payload[:user]
    # …

67

68

Rails Anti-Patterns?

  end
end

Activate subscriber by attaching to “user” namespace
UserCRMSubscriber.attach_to :user

Congratulations! We just built a primitive event-driven system and used it to reduce the responsibility of
our model class. Moreover, adding new event handlers can now be done by just creating a new subscriber.
What a gem – downstream/active_event_store
The dowsntream (https://github.com/bibendi/downstream) and active_
event_store (P-Code) gems are twin gems twin gems that add event-driven capabilities to
Rails applications (and in a Rails-ish way). They introduce the listener and event abstractions
as well as provide testing utilities. Downstream uses an in-memory broker by default, while
Active Event Store uses Rails Event Store (https://railseventstore.org).
Can we refactor the other three callbacks (generate_initial_project, send_welcome_
email, and send_analytics_event) using events? Technically, we can. But, as we said before,
user registration is a standalone business process, so we should consider representing it as a whole
concept within the code base and not as a set of event subscribers.
Another question to consider is whether a model itself should be an event publisher. For example, if
an event corresponds to a life cycle event (such as "updated.user"), keeping it in a model class
doesn’t cross the responsibility boundaries. In contrast, the presumed "registered.user" event
goes beyond what the model should know.
This is what makes it necessary to introduce new abstractions to extract contexts from models. We
will start talking about such upper-level layers in Chapter 5, When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough.
For now, let’s consider a particular extraction pattern popular in Rails applications – moving logic
into modules, or Rails concerns.

Concerning Rails concerns
In Ruby, we have classes and modules. Classes allow us to build object hierarchies via inheritance.
Modules, technically, are just sets of methods (or mixins) that can be attached to classes or used
independently. Semantically though, modules usually fall into one of the following categories:
• Behavior: This includes behavior modules that add new features or serve a particular purpose
for the class. Examples of behavior modules include Enumerable and Comparable.

Concerning Rails concerns

• Builder: These are modules extending Ruby class declaration capabilities via DSL – for
example, Forwardable.
• Static methods collection: These are modules acting as containers for static methods.
• Namespace: These are modules that are used solely to isolate constants (classes, other modules).
This book will only talk about behavior modules (the first group), since they can be considered
architectural elements.
Ruby on Rails, being an opinionated framework, treats modules in a special way. Instead of using
pure Ruby modules, Rails advises using concerns. What is a Rails concern? A concern is an enhanced
Ruby module; compared to plain modules, Rails concerns come with the additional functionalities:
• Concerns provide a DSL to simplify injecting standard Rails operations (defining callbacks,
associations, and so on)
• Concerns support dependency resolution for included modules
To demonstrate these features, let’s compare a concern with a plain Ruby module implementing the
same functionality – so-called soft-deletion:

Rails concern
module SoftDeletable
  extend ActiveSupport::Concern
  include Discard::Model
  included do
    self.discard_column = :deleted_at
    belongs_to :deleted_by, class_name: 'User',
      optional: true
  end
  def discard(by: Current.user)
    self.deleted_by = by
    super()
  end
end

Ruby module
module SoftDeletable
  def self.included(base)
    base.include Discard::Model

69

70

Rails Anti-Patterns?

    base.discard_column = :deleted_at
    base.belongs_to :deleted_by, class_name: 'User',
      optional: true
    base.include InstanceMethods
  end
  module InstanceMethods
    def discard(by: Current.user)
      self.deleted_by = by
      super()
    end
  end
end

The SoftDeletable module defined previously (any version) can be used to add a soft deletion
functionality to an Active Record model. The Rails version looks like a slice of a model class code (we
only wrapped class-level code into the included do…end block); every line carries an applicationspecific meaning, and thus, it’s easy to comprehend.
On the other hand, the Ruby version contains the code added solely to satisfy the Ruby object model
– we had to extract instance methods into a separate module to include it after Discard::Model
(since we rely on its #discard implementation).
So, the concerns simplify writing Ruby modules. But does using concerns improve your application design?
Remember that we’re discussing controversial Rails patterns in this chapter, and concerns are at the
top of the list.
Note
Although concerns can be used with all Rails abstractions, we will only consider models in
this chapter.

Extracting behavior, not code
At the beginning of this section, we discussed Ruby modules and their types, but we haven’t discussed
using them (and, hence, concerns) for code deduplication and extraction. The reason is that refactoring
for the sake of lexical code metrics satisfaction rarely helps to keep a code base under control.
Nevertheless, in Rails projects, we can find something like this:
class Account < ApplicationRecord
  include Account::Associations
  include Account::Validations
  include Account::Scopes

Concerning Rails concerns

  include Account::Callbacks
end

As you can guess from the module names, each concern is responsible for a particular slice of the class
definition – associations, validations, scopes, and so on. Although the class becomes thin, working
with it gets harder – business-logic concepts are now spread across multiple files, and the conceptual
cohesion is disrupted.
That was an example of overusing concerns. How can concerns be overused? It’s probably because
they are the only official Rails way to extract code from core entities (models and controllers). If an
app/…/concerns folder exists, it will become full.
How can we reasonably fill the app/models/concerns folder? By extracting not code but
behaviors. The distinctive features of behavioral modules are encapsulation and cohesiveness; they
provide a concise and clear API that serves a single purpose (or being atomic).
For example, our SoftDeletable concern satisfies this definition, since it adds soft-deletion behavior
to classes. Under the hood, SoftDeletable uses the Discard gem (https://github.com/
jhawthorn/discard), but this implementation detail doesn’t leak outside the concern. Thus, the
provided behavior is owned by the application; it becomes a part of the application domain model –
another sign of a good behavior extraction.
Extracting common atomic behaviors into concerns can help reduce the corresponding models’
conceptual overhead. We do that a lot in Rails, sometimes without even realizing it. Whenever we
use Active Record macros (built-in or provided by libraries), such as has_secure_password,
has_logidze, and has_ancestry, we attach behaviors to models.
Concerns also help us to follow the Don’t Repeat Yourself (DRY) principle, but that’s not a necessary
condition for extraction.

Non-shared concerns
Concerns are usually associated with common logic extraction from multiple models. However, even
within a single model, we can detect multiple peripheral behaviors. Consider the following User
model, for example:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  has_secure_password
  def self.authenticate_by(email:, password:)
    find_by(email:)&.authenticate(password)
  end
  # …
end

71

72

Rails Anti-Patterns?

We can clearly see the authentication behavior here, and it doesn’t seem part of the essence of the User
model. So, let’s extract it into a concern:

User authentication concern
module User::Authentication
  extend ActiveSupport::Concern
  included do
    has_secure_password
  end
  class_methods do
    authenticate_by(email:, password:)
      find_by(email:)&.authenticate(password)
    end
  end
end

User class
class User < ApplicationRecord
  include Authentication
end

Note that we use the User class as a namespace for the Authentication concern. This way,
we clearly indicate that this concern corresponds to a particular model. Moreover, we can store the
concern in the app/models/user/authentication.rb file, thus keeping all the User
related domain objects together.
Carving out a few lines of code into a separate file is overengineering, especially if the model is not
bloated yet (let’s say, contains less than a hundred lines of code). Of course, splitting a small class
into tiny chunks is not as beneficial as refactoring God objects. Still, there is an advantage in early
extraction – having concepts in isolated locations makes it harder to introduce dependencies between
them accidentally.
Although extracting concerns can reduce the perceived complexity of a model and even encourage
writing looser coupled code, the model’s level of responsibility stays unchanged. So technically, it’s
still a single class with an enormous public (and private) interface. And that leads to consequences.

Concerning Rails concerns

Concerns are still modules, with all the shortcomings
Concerns are Ruby modules; therefore, including them in a class injects their code. From a Ruby VM
point of view, there is no significant difference between a class with dozens of included modules and
a class that has the same code inlined. As a result, we must deal with the following caveats:
• Lack of privacy: Private methods are not private to other included concerns. Hence, you can
make one module depend on another one, thus introducing a hidden (and sometimes even
circular) dependency.
• Naming is hard, and naming collisions are possible: Leveraging a convention (for example, using
namespace prefixes for methods) can help with this problem but can negatively affect readability.
• Testing becomes more complicated: Should you test a concern in isolation or test the concern’s
features for every model that includes it? Isolated tests are preferable, but can you guarantee
that the concern’s functionality won’t interfere with a model or other included concerns code?
What a gem – with_model
Testing model concerns in isolation is not that simple if they rely on the database schema. The
with_model (https://github.com/Casecommons/with_model) gem provides
a convenient interface to create one-off Active Record models, backed by database tables for
testing purposes.
Rails concerns also tend to contain callbacks with all the possible downsides but multiplied, since
they are now scattered across the code base.
The key to avoiding the aforementioned problems is to keep concerns as isolated and self-contained
as possible. There is a good rule of thumb for model concerns – if removing a concern from a model
makes most of the tests involving this model fail, then this concern is an essential part of the logic.
In other words, if a concern can’t be detached, it’s not a concern but just a piece of extracted code.
To sum up, Rails concerns can be efficiently used to separate the primary role of a class from peripherals
(secondary support functionality). Isolating concepts should ideally be done at the object model level,
not just by adding code to multiple files.
Now, let’s see how we can extract objects from objects.

Extracting objects from objects
For demonstration, I picked a couple of concerns from real-life Ruby on Rails monoliths – Contactable
and WithMedia (the code was slightly simplified and obfuscated).

73

74

Rails Anti-Patterns?

Extracting models from models
Let’s start with the Contactable module – a module that can be included in any User-like model
to provide contact information-related features:
module Contactable
  extend ActiveSupport::Concern
  SOCIAL_ACCOUNTS = %i[facebook twitter tiktok].freeze
  included do
    store_accessor :social_accounts, *SOCIAL_ACCOUNTS,
      suffix: :social_id
    validates :phone_number, allow_blank: true,
      phone: {types: :mobile}
    validates :country_code, inclusion: Countries.codes
    before_validation :normalize_phone_number,
      if: :phone_number_changed?
  End
  def region = Countries.region(country_code)
  def phone_number_visible?
    contact_info_visible && phone_number_visible
  end
  def normalize_phone_number
    return unless phone_number.present?
    self.phone_number = Phonelib.parse(phone_number).e164
  end
end

The concern tries to encapsulate the contact information aspect and is included in the User and
Company models. We can imagine how it all started – first, it contained only phone numbers and
country-related code; then, we added social network accounts to the mix.
Finally, visibility concerns were introduced. In total, at least five database table columns are involved,
and more than a dozen API methods have been added. The concern clearly outgrew the notion of
atomic behavior; let’s promote it to a standalone model!

Concerning Rails concerns

We can extract contactable columns into a separate table and use a has_one association to attach
it to the original model:

New contact information model
class ContactInformation < ApplicationRecord
  belongs_to :contactable, polymorphic: true
  SOCIAL_ACCOUNTS = %i[facebook twitter tiktok].freeze
  store_accessor :social_accounts, *SOCIAL_ACCOUNTS,
    suffix: :social_id
  validates :phone_number, allow_blank: true,
    phone: {types: :mobile}
  validates :country_code, inclusion: Countries.codes
  before_validation :normalize_phone_number,
    if: :phone_number_changed?
  # …
end

Updated Contactable concern
module Contactable
  extend ActiveSupport::Concern
  included do
    has_one :contact_information, as: :contactable,
      dependent: :destroy
  end
end

Keeping the concern around even if it consists of a single line of code is useful – the models still
include Contactable behavior, and the association is an implementation detail. Moreover, we can
add delegation for the most accessed APIs to make the refactored code quack like the previous one:
module Contactable
  extend ActiveSupport::Concern
  included do
    has_one :contact_information, as: :contactable,

75

76

Rails Anti-Patterns?

      dependent: :destroy
    delegate :phone_number, :country_code,
             to: :contact_information
  end
end

This way, we make the ContactInformation model act as a delegate object.

Extracting value objects from models
Let’s move on to the second example – the WithMedia concern. This concern contains methods to
work with attached media objects (backed by Active Storage):
module WithMedia
  extend ActiveSupport::Concern
  SVG_TYPES = %w[
    image/svg
    Image/svg+xml
  ].freeze
  FONT_TYPES = %w[
    font/otf
    font/woff
  ].freeze
  included do
    has_one_attached :media
    delegate :video?, :audio?, to: :media
  end
  def font?() = FONT_TYPES.include?(media.content_type)
  def svg?() = SVG_TYPES.include?(media.content_type)
  # … more <type>? methods
end

Active Storage provides objects encapsulating file information (ActiveStorage::Attachment
and ActiveStorage::Blob) via has_one_attached, so we will use them as delegates.
However, that’s not enough for our application.
We need more granular control over media types, so we added a bunch of custom predicates and the
corresponding constants. And now, all these methods and constants pollute the method sets of the
models that include the concern. Can we avoid this? Yes, and we can use the value object pattern to
do so.

Concerning Rails concerns

Pattern – value object
A value object is an object that represents a simple entity and is distinguishable by the values
of its properties. Immutability is often implied. Date, currency, and geometric points are typical
examples of entities that can be represented as value objects. In Ruby, plain objects and structs
that include the Comparable module are usually used to define value objects.
All the type predicates use only a single value from our media object – content type. So, let’s extract
a MediaType object. We can use the modern Ruby Data.define feature:

Media Type value object
MediaType = Data.define(:content_type) do
  SVG_TYPES = %w[…]
  FONT_TYPES = %w[…]
  include Comparable
  def <=>(other) = content_type <=> other.content_type
  def video?() = content_type.start_with?("video")
  def svg?() = SVG_TYPES.include?(content_type)
  def font?() = FONT_TYPES.include?(content_type)
  #
end
module WithMedia
  extend ActiveSupport::Concern
  included do
    has_one_attached :media
  end
  def media_type
    return unless media&.content_type
    MediaType.new(media.content_type)
  end
end

Value and delegate objects are examples of downward extraction – new concepts lie within the same
abstraction layer (model or domain). This approach has an obvious limit in layered architecture – it’s
impossible to get rid of communication with upward layers. No matter how you extract one model
from another, it cannot be done without carrying on the boundary violation.

77

78

Rails Anti-Patterns?

We need upward extraction – adding an upper-level abstraction that won’t cross the boundaries.
We’re just one chapter away from starting this journey, but let’s first take a quick look at one more
Rails peculiarity.
In the SoftDeletable example, we intentionally included a debatable piece of code – Current.
user. That leads us to the third anti-pattern we want to talk about in this chapter – the global state.

On global and current states
Global state is evil – this is a typical phrase with regard to any usage of global variables or shared
mutable state in software programs. It’s hard to argue against this statement. Here are the most notable
drawbacks of using globals:
• Global state introduces hidden dependencies between application components (and
abstraction layers).
• Mutable global state makes code execution unpredictable, since it can be changed outside the
current context. In multithreaded environments, that can lead to bugs due to race conditions.
• Understanding and testing code relying on globals is more complicated.
Doesn’t this mean we should avoid global state as much as possible? The answer depends on what your
goal is – building software products or creating ideal code (whatever that means for you). Ruby on
Rails is a framework to build web products; thus, it can afford to use unpopular patterns to improve
developers’ productivity.
Let’s see how Rails embraces global state and how we can keep it under control.

Current everything
The Current object from our example is a class defined as follows:
class Current < ActiveSupport::CurrentAttributes
  attribute :user
end

The interface provided by this Current class is like the one we can achieve with pure Ruby:
class Current
  class << self
    attr_accessor :user
  end
end

On global and current states

That is, we can write and read the value of the user attribute anywhere in the code base by using the
Current.user= and Current.user methods, respectively. However, there are two crucial
features of the Current attributes that make them more robust:
• The stored attribute values are thread-local (or fiber-local, depending on the execution model).
Thus, race conditions between different execution contexts are impossible.
• The state is automatically reset at the end of every unit of work (a web request, background
job, and so on). Hence, there is no state leakage.
So, technically, Current is only global within an execution context, not totally global. Still, that
doesn’t save us from potential global problems.
A typical usage example would be storing the current user object somewhere in the controller layer and
access in the lower levels. Let’s consider an example of tracking who is responsible for a record deletion:

Controller: setting current user
class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base
  before_action :set_current_user
  private
  def set_current_user
    Current.user = User.find_by(id: cookies[:user_id])
  end
end

Controller: calling a method which depends on the global state
class PostsController < ApplicationController
  def destroy
    post = Post.find(params[:id])
    post.destroy!
    redirect_to posts_path
  end
end

Model: using the global state
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  belongs_to :deleted_by, class_name: "User",
    optional: true

79

80

Rails Anti-Patterns?

  def destroy
    self.deleted_by = Current.user
    super
  end
end

This example demonstrates the power of globals – the responsible user is encapsulated within the
model class. Any component that can initiate a post deletion stays unchanged (the controller in the
preceding example). However, our model class now depends on the execution environment – a higherlevel concept from a layered architecture point of view. Let’s see how it can play havoc in the future.
For performance reasons, we may decide to move post deletion to a background job, so we will update
the controller’s code as follows:

Updated controller class
class PostsController < ApplicationController
  def destroy
    post = Post.find(params[:id])
    PostDeleteJob.perform_later(post)
    redirect_to posts_path
  end
end

Job class
Class PostDeleteJob < ApplicationJob
  def perform(post) = post.destroy!
end

Moving the post.destroy! call to the background results in switching the execution context – all
the Current information gets lost. Without decent integration test coverage, it might take a while
before you realize that post.deleted_by is no longer being populated.
The missing global context is not the worst thing that could happen. Imagine a random value being stored
in the Current instead. Curious about how that could happen? Let’s consider another modification
of the original example – deleting multiple posts at once and sending email notifications to the authors:

Controller: adding #destroy_all action
class PostsController < ApplicationController
  def destroy_all
    Post.where(id: param[:ids]).destroy_all
    redirect_to posts_path

On global and current states

  end
end

Model: sending email notification after deleting
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  belongs_to :user
  belongs_to :deleted_by, class_name: "User",
    optional: true
  after_destroy :notify_author
  def destroy
    self.deleted_by = Current.user
    super
  end
  private
  def notify_author
    Current.user = user
    PostMailer.notify_deleted(post)
  end
end

Mailer: uses Current as a target user
Class PostMailer < ApplicationMailer
  default to: -> { Current.user.email }
  def notify_deleted(post)
    # …
  end
end

The #destroy_all method is equal to calling #destroy on all found records consecutively
– that is, Post.destroy_all == Post.all.map(&:destroy). Hence, overwriting the
Current.user value in the after_destroy callback results in data inconsistency – the deleter
is not the actual user performing the action; instead, it’s the author of the post deleted in the previous
iteration step.
Both demonstrated problems could be eliminated if we replace Current with explicit passing of all
the dependencies (only the relevant parts of the Post class are shown):
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  def destroy_by(user: nil)
    self.deleted_by = user

81

82

Rails Anti-Patterns?

    destroy
  end
  private
  def notify_author
    PostMailer.notify_deleted(user, post)
  end
end

Now that our model doesn’t depend on the execution environment, there are no more circular dependencies.
Switching from #destroy to #destroy_by can be expensive in terms of refactoring (since
#destroy is a framework API and can be used in many places) – well, enforcing boundaries is not
free, but it always pays off in the end.
Conceptually, Current attributes have three design flaws:
• Values can be written and read from anywhere, and no ceremony is required
• Reading unset values is possible (the result value would be nil)
• The same attribute can be written multiple times during the lifetime of the execution context
We can approach the multiple writes problem by using the Current.set method instead of attribute
accessors. For example, we can fix the Post#notify_author like this:
def notify_author
  Current.set(user:) do
    PostMailer.notify_deleted(post)
  end
end

This workaround only works if we can ensure that no code within the block relies on the previous
value of Current.user. However, we cannot give such guarantees due to the first downside.
A combination of conventions and, probably, code linters can help to keep Current usage under
control. Here is an example set of rules to enforce:
• Keep the number of Current attributes as small as possible
• Always write attributes once within the same execution context
• Only write within the small number of abstraction layers (for example, only inbound layers)
• Only read within the small number of abstraction layers (and never from models)

Summary

What a gem – dry-effects
The dry-effects gem (https://dry-rb.org/gems/dry-effects) is an
implementation of algebraic effects for Ruby. Putting aside the academics, you can use the
Reader effect to pass context implicitly from upper to lower abstraction layers. Unlike Current
attributes, working with an effect requires attaching a behavior (including a Ruby module), and
there are separate writer and reader behaviors, so you always know how exactly a given object
depends on global state. Finally, Reader prevents you from reading unset values by raising an
exception, which is one less problem to worry about.

Summary
In this chapter, you learned about the Ruby on Rails trade-offs introduced by such design patterns
as callbacks, Rails concerns, and Current attributes. You learned about different types of callbacks
used in Rails controllers and models and how to assess their effect on maintainability. You got familiar
with event-driven architecture and how it can be used to untangle models’ responsibilities.
You learned how Rails concerns differ from Ruby modules and how they can be used to extract
behaviors from models. You learned the limitations of splitting classes into models and how extracting
domain objects can be used as an alternative approach to refactoring models. You also learned about
the downsides of having global state and how to minimize them.
In the next chapter, we will take the first step toward new abstraction layers by introducing service objects.

Questions
1.

What do callbacks and plugins have in common, and what are the differences?

2.

How does having many callbacks in models affect test performance?

3.

What are the key components of event-driven architecture?

4.

What are the differences between plain Ruby modules and Rails concerns?

5.

What are the key features of value objects?

6.

What are the drawbacks of having a global state in an application?

Exercises
In the Concerning Rails concerns section of this chapter, we introduced a framework to evaluate a
Rails concern’s level of isolation (the drop and count failed tests ratio). Try to apply this technique to
some of the concerns in your application. For concerns that didn’t pass the test, think about possible
refactoring strategies.

83

5
When Rails Abstractions
Are Not Enough
In this chapter, we conclude our Rails Way research and prepare to enter the world of abstractions.
First, we will discuss the limitations of the Rails MVC-based architecture layout, which lead to either
controller- or model-layer bloats—an ever-increasing number of lines of code and growing conceptual
overhead. Then, we’ll take off the Rails Way and add S to the equation—services.
We will discuss how services can help in keeping controllers and models thin but, at the same time,
turn into a chaotic or poor abstraction layer. Finally, we will discuss how breaking services further
into more specialized abstractions could help keep the code base in a healthy state and how to design
such abstractions following the layered architecture principles.
We will cover the following topics:
• The curse of fat/thin controllers and thin/fat models
• Generic services and granular abstractions
• Layered architecture and abstraction layers
The goal of this chapter is to define a conceptual framework for identifying abstraction layers in Ruby
on Rails applications, which we will use in the second part of this book.

Technical requirements
In this chapter and all chapters of this book, the code given in code blocks is designed to be
executed on Ruby 3.2 and Rails 7. Many of the code examples will work on earlier versions of the
aforementioned software.
You will find the code files on GitHub at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/
Layered-Design-for-Ruby-on-Rails-Applications/tree/main/Chapter05.

86

When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough

The curse of fat/thin controllers and thin/fat models
Controllers and models are two core abstractions in Ruby on Rails. If an application follows the Rails
Way, most of the business logic code goes to either one of these two. Why so? Because that is all Rails
gives us out of the box.
Having as few abstractions as possible has a significant benefit—a smooth learning curve. Every
application looks the same; you can start working on a new code base quickly. Though, this is only
a theory. In reality, having an insufficient number of abstractions (two, in our case—controllers
and models) leads to a situation where business logic is distributed between the abstractions in an
unpredictable manner.
Some applications prefer to keep logic in controllers, while others put everything into models. The
latter approach, also known as thin controllers and fat models, became a best practice in the Rails
community. But still, many applications follow it sparingly, and fat controllers appear there, then here.
Therefore, the lack of abstractions results in a lack of consistency in terms of style in the code base,
which negatively impacts maintainability and the developers’ experience.
Even if we can enforce best practices and choose the main abstraction layer to keep our logic in, we
would face the problem of responsibility bloat (and source code bloat usually comes along). Thus,
there is no way to efficiently grow the application without introducing new, beyond-Rails concepts.
We have discussed over-responsible (or God) models in previous chapters; in the rest of this section,
we will consider an example refactoring process of going from fat controllers and thin models to thin
controllers and fat models and beyond.

From fat controllers to fat models
Before we dig deep into the Ruby code, let’s try to figure out what is, in general, wrong with putting
a lot of logic into controllers.
For that, we need to recall that the controller layer is an inbound layer, as we call it (see Chapter 1,
Rails as a Web Application Framework). This means the controller layer wraps all other layers in the
application, being an entry point for user actions. Controllers’ primary responsibilities are building
execution contexts (for example, authentication) and transforming Rack requests into business actions.
That’s enough already; adding more responsibility would clearly violate the separation of concerns
(SoC) principle and turn our abstraction into nothing but an interface. Good abstraction should
include both generalization and simplification. Putting arbitrary code into controllers contradicts both.

A fat controller example
Let’s consider a fictional GitHub Analytics application and one of its controllers that is responsible
for handling webhooks and tracking user comments and pull requests:

The curse of fat/thin controllers and thin/fat models

Controller action code
class GithooksController < ApplicationController
  rescue_from JSON::ParserError do
    head :unprocessable_entity
  end
  def create
    verify_signature!
    event = parse_event(request.raw_params)
    case event
    in type: "issue", action: "opened",
       issue: {user: {login:}, title:, body:}
      track_issue(login, title, body)
    in type: "pull_request", action: "opened",
       pull_request: {
         user: {login:}, base: {label:}, title:, body:
       }
      track_pr(login, title, body, label)
    end
    head :ok
  end
end

We have a single action (#create), in which we verify params, parse input, and process it depending
on the shape of the data. Some logic is extracted into helper methods, defined next:

Controller helper methods
  def verify_signature!
    # Let's skip the payload signature verification
    # code, since it's irrelevant to our refactoring
  end
  def parse_event(payload)
    JSON.parse(payload, symbolize_names: true)
  end
  def track_issue(login, title, body)
    User.find_by(gh_id: login)
        &.issues.create!(title:, body:)
  end

87

88

When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough

  def track_pr(login, title, body, branch)
    User.find_by(gh_id: login)
        &.pull_requests.create!(title:, body:, branch:)
  end
end

We can see that each helper method is concise and single-purposed (though the purposes are different:
from data parsing to domain object creation). We can imagine that these methods were extracted
from the action method for readability.
How do we evaluate the maintainability of this code? One option is to perform the churn/complexity
analysis we introduced in Chapter 2, Active Models and Records. Another option is the specification
test that I introduce next.
Let’s think about how we will test the functionality of the previous action. Without writing actual tests,
we can define the structure of the test suite (or specification) as follows (using RSpec: https://
rspec.info):
describe "/callbacks/github" do
  context "when event is pull_request"
  context "when event is issue"
  context "when user is not found"
  context "when signature is missing"
  context "when signature is invalid"
  context "when payload is not JSON"
end

This is the minimal number of tests we need to cover all the logical branches in the
GithooksController#create action. Looking at the specification, we can see which scenarios
correspond to our abstraction layer (that is, its primary responsibilities) and which are foreign. For
example, testing signatures could be seen as authentication, which belongs to controllers.
All is good here. What about checking different event types and a user presence? These tests verify the
business-logic operation and have nothing to do with the controller layer. Such tests (as well as the
code they test) are highly coupled with the involved entities (models) from lower layers.
Also, request tests are harder to write and slower to execute; we need to populate the context (users,
signatures) and perform actual HTTP requests (more precisely, calling the Rails Rack application).
In general, the higher the abstraction lies in the layer hierarchy, the more expensive the tests become.
Specification test
We can formulate the specification test as follows: if the specification of an object (represented
as tests) describes features beyond the primary responsibility of the object’s abstraction layer,
such features should be extracted into lower layers.

The curse of fat/thin controllers and thin/fat models

Refactoring the example controller following the thin controllers,
fat models principle
Let’s refactor the GithooksController class following the thin controllers, fat models principle,
and see if it helps here. We can pick the User model to host the handling GitHub events logic and
add a value object to represent webhook events:

GitHubEvent value objects
class GitHubEvent
  def self.parse(raw_event)
    parsed = JSON.parse(raw_event, symbolize_names: true)
    case parsed[:type]
    when "issue"
      Issue.new(
        user_id: parsed.dig(:issue, :user, :login),
        action: parsed[:action],
        **parsed[:issue].slice(:title, :body)
      )
    when "pull_request"
      PR.new(
        user_id: parsed.dig(:pull_request, :user, :login),
        action: parsed[:action],
        branch: parsed.dig(:pull_request, :base, :label),
        **parsed[:pull_request].slice(:title, :body)
      )
    end
  rescue JSON::ParserError
    nil
  end
  Issue = Data.define(:user_id, :action, :title, :body)
  PR = Data.define(
    :user_id, :action, :title, :body, :branch)
end

The GithubEvent.parse method takes raw JSON input from a GitHub webhook and transforms
it into a domain-specific model (GitHub::PR or GitHub::Issue), as follows:

User class
class User < ApplicationRecord
  def handle_github_event(event)

89

90

When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough

    case event
    in GitHubEvent::Issue[action: "opened", title:, body:]
      issues.create!(title:, body:)
    in GitHubEvent::PR[
      action: "opened", title:, body:, branch:
    ]
      pull_requests.create!(title:, body:, branch:)
    end
  end
end

With the preceding additions to the model layer, our controller class now looks like this:
class GithooksController < ApplicationController
  def create
    verify_signature!
    event = GitHubEvent.parse(request.raw_post)
    return head :unprocessable_entity if event.nil?
    user = User.find_by(gh_id: event.user_id)
    user&.handle_github_event(event)
    head :ok
  end
end

The GithooksController class became much thinner. Did it become better? Sure—it now
delegates some responsibilities to the model layer; for example, parsing the GitHub webhook payload
and handling this event.
What about our specification test? We can leave only one example to test the happy path, issue, or
pull request event since the controller no longer cares about particular event types. And that’s it. We
still need to test all the edge cases (invalid payload; missing user).
Let’s discuss the model-layer changes.
The GitHubEvent::Issue and GitHubEvent::PR are pure data containers; also, they don’t
leak any third-party (GitHub) details and provide an application-specific interface. However, the
GitHubEvent.parse method is coupled with the webhook payload format, which is not a part
of our domain model.
Since we don’t have any custom abstraction layers yet, we’re good to keep it under app/models.
But we should remember that it introduces a reverse dependency (bottom-to-top), and every reverse
dependency contributes to the price of future refactoring.

The curse of fat/thin controllers and thin/fat models

The User#handle_github_event method deals only with domain objects, so it doesn’t escape
to the upper layers. This is also good. The downside to adding this method is the growing responsibility
of the model, which will likely result in a higher churn and an increase in the overall complexity of the
class. Unless handling GitHub events is the user-related functionality in the application, extracting
this code into a different object would be reasonable.
In Chapter 4, Rails Anti-Patterns?, we discussed the Rails Way of splitting large models into smaller
concepts (concerns) and its potential drawbacks. Now, let’s look at a different pattern—extracting
service objects.

From fat models to services
Although the service object pattern is very popular in the Ruby on Rails community, you can hardly
find a definition on which all developers would agree. Probably, the most common definition of a
service object in Rails is that it is an object representing a single business operation and lying in
between controllers and models.
The definition could be violated in many ways: some developers define multiple (though relevant)
operations within the same service objects, and others invoke service objects from models (thus,
going upward in the layers). Similarly, the definition could be stricter. For example, there is a common
practice to make all service objects callable objects. A callable object is any object responding to the
.call method (including, for instance, Proc and Lambda objects).
What a gem – interactor
Interactor (https://github.com/collectiveidea/interactor) is the most
popular library that helps you to standardize service objects and provides utilities to combine
them. Interactors implement the callable interface and return specific result objects containing
status (success or failure) information in addition to arbitrary data.
Whether a service object should return a specific result object, arbitrary data, or nothing is another
debatable question, which could affect the way service objects are used by different teams. Finally,
the way service objects deal with exceptions is a kind of third dimension, which reflects the actual
definition of a service object in a particular project.
What a gem – dry-monads
The dry-monads library (https://dry-rb.org/gems/dry-monads) is a collection
of common monads for Ruby. With regards to service objects, monads could be used to
streamline exception handling and simplify method call chaining by using monadic return
values (by using the result monad).

91

92

When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough

As you can see, service objects in the Ruby on Rails world are extremely diverse. (That’s what happens
when the framework doesn’t provide an out-of-the-box abstraction to solve common design problems.)
For simplicity, let’s stick to the base definition we gave previously and continue our demo refactoring.
First, let’s introduce a base class for service objects:
class ApplicationService
  extend Dry::Initializer
  def self.call(...) = new(...).call
end

Irrespective of whether you use a gem or craft your own service objects, having a base class with a
common interface and utilities is the first thing you need to do. That will help you to keep service objects’
style uniform and simplify adding extensions in the future (for example, logging or instrumentation
features). We call the base class ApplicationService to follow the Rails conventions and store
it in the app/services folder.
In the previous example, we use the dry-initializer gem (https://dry-rb.org/gems/
dry-initializer/) to provide a DSL for declaring the object parameters. Let’s move on to the
actual service object to see it in action.
We can extract our first service object from the User#handle_github_event method:
class User::HandleGithubEventService < ApplicationService
  param :user
  param :event
  def call
    case event
    in GitHubEvent::Issue[action: "opened", title:, body:]
      user.issues.create!(title:, body:)
    in GitHubEvent::PR[
      action: "opened", title:, body:, branch:
    ]
      user.pull_requests.create!(title:, body:, branch:)
    end
  end
end

Note that we use the -Service suffix for the service object class name. This way, we introduce a
naming convention that mimics the Rails Way. Of course, it’s not necessary to follow the Rails naming
principles; you can choose your own rules.

The curse of fat/thin controllers and thin/fat models

For example, one common practice is to use <subject><verb> or <subject><verb><object>
patterns for service objects, such as User::HandleGitHubEvent or Post::Publish. One
thing is important: you must have a convention. Otherwise, it would be hardly possible to form an
abstraction layer from a set of objects.
Why did we choose the Rails naming rules? Rails is built on top of conventions, and there is no better
way to extend the framework than to follow these conventions. We want to come along with Rails,
not fight against it.
Let’s finish this refactoring step and use our service object in the controller:
class GithooksController < ApplicationController
  def create
    verify_signature!
    event = GitHubEvent.parse(request.raw_post)
    return head :unprocessable_entity if event.nil?
    user = User.find_by(gh_id: event.user_id)
    User::HandleGithubEventService.call(user, event)
    head :ok
  end
end

From the controller’s point of view, there are no significant changes. We can go further and move the
user lookup logic into a service object, too. That would also make our service user-independent since
it will rely only on the GitHub event as input:
class HandleGithubEventService < ApplicationService
  param :event
  def call
    user = User.find_by(gh_id: event.user_id)
    return unless user
    case event
      # This part stays the same
    end
  end
end

93

94

When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough

Now, the controller is getting thinner:
class GithooksController < ApplicationController
  def create
    verify_signature!
    event = GitHubEvent.parse(request.raw_post)
    return head :unprocessable_entity if event.nil?
    HandleGithubEventService.call(event)
    head :ok
  end
end

We not only reduced the amount of code in the GithooksController#create action but also
decreased the number of responsibilities (and thus, the number of tests in the specification)—we don’t
deal with users anymore. Should we proceed and move the event parsing code to the service object?
Let’s leave this question for the last section of this chapter.
The service object pattern is the first aid to prevent controller and/or model bloat. So, is extracting
service objects the way to go? Despite being widespread, this approach got its portion of criticism. Let’s
look at the dark side of app/services and discuss the potential evolutionary branches for services.

Generic services and granular abstractions
Services appear to be powerful the first time you use them. Not sure where to put code for yet another
use case? Just create a file under app/services. As simple as that. We can even notice a tendency:
developers discuss where to put certain code in the application’s file hierarchy.
This thinking-in-folders ideology is fundamentally broken. First, it usually implies that in any unclear
situation, just create a service. Secondly, although a file structure positively affects developer experience
and should be treated with respect, the place of the code in the application must be driven by its
role, and the role is defined by the abstraction layer the code belongs to. Developers should think in
abstractions, not folders when designing new features or refactoring legacy code.
Anemic models
Overusing service objects could lead to a situation when models do not carry any business
logic (beyond object-relational mapping (ORM) or data encapsulation). This phenomenon is
called the anemic model. Anemic models are considered an anti-pattern since we eliminate all
the benefits of the object-oriented (OO) approach in favor of procedural-style code (because
most services are procedures).

Layered architecture and abstraction layers

Extracting everything into services erodes the conceptual cohesion of this intermediate layer. It
turns into a bag of random objects, not an abstraction layer. In the worst-case scenario, each service
is the thing; thus, the conceptual complexity is proportional to the number of classes in the app/
services folder.
Introducing conventions and standard interfaces could help in decreasing complexity, but the problem
is that it’s hardly possible to come up with a generic interface for all service objects. Services are
different by nature; the only thing they likely have in common is that they act as mediators between
inbound layers and model layers.
If we cannot turn services into good abstractions, what should we do with them? Let’s consider a train
station analogy (we’re on rails, right?).
The app/services folder could be seen as a waiting room for code. Until a corresponding abstraction
(train) arrives, the code could comfortably sit in the app/services folder. But keep in mind that
space is limited, so don’t overcrowd your waiting room.
The waiting room interpretation implies a very important rule: don’t start early with abstractions. A
good abstraction involves both generalization and simplification (for example, boilerplate reduction).
And generalization requires a bit of aging—give your code design ideas some time to prove they’re
helpful. Otherwise, you may end up with a bad abstraction (which is worse than no abstraction).
Decomposing app/services into a handful—say, K—of well-defined abstractions oddly enough
decreases the conceptual complexity: we only have K concepts compared to the previous N—the
number of service objects.
In the second part of this book, we will consider some common abstractions present in most Ruby
on Rails applications. However, each application is as unique as the abstraction layers that could be
identified. Apart from learning by example, are there other techniques we can apply to better see
the abstractions?
One thing that could help in pulling out abstraction layers is the layered architecture pattern.

Layered architecture and abstraction layers
So far, we’ve been using the terms abstraction layers and layered architecture interchangeably. Now,
it’s time to put everything back into place.
Layered architecture is an established term for the architectural pattern, which implies the separation
of application components/functions into horizontal logical layers. The data flows in one direction,
from top to bottom; thus, layers do not depend on the layers on top of them.

95

96

When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough

Let’s look at a layered architecture diagram example:

Figure 5.1 – Layered architecture example

The preceding diagram demonstrates a four-layer architecture typical for applications following
the domain-driven design (DDD) paradigm. Surprisingly, this architecture fits Ruby on Rails
applications, too.
Let’s describe each layer mentioned in the preceding diagram:
• Presentation layer: Responsible for handling user interactions and presenting the information
to users (via the UI).
• Application layer: Organizes domain objects to fulfill required use cases.
• Domain layer: Describes entities, rules, invariants, and so on. This layer maintains the state
of the application.
• Infrastructure layer: Consists of supporting technologies (databases, frameworks, API clients,
and so on).
Now, let’s have a look at the relationships between them:
• The arrows in the diagram show how the layers can communicate with each other. For example,
the presentation layer can only access the application- and domain-layer objects, while the
application layer can access the domain and infrastructure layers. Finally, the domain layer
can only access the infrastructure layer.
• One of the main ideas of layered architecture is to keep the number of arrows small and, thus,
isolate layers from each other. This idea naturally leads to loose coupling and improves the
testability and reusability of code. However, if we reduce the number of arrows to the minimum
(so that each layer can only communicate with the adjacent one), we can hit the architecture
sinkhole problem.
This problem occurs when data is simply proxied through layers with little (or zero) modification—
in other words, the situation when we introduce objects just to fill a gap between layers.
This is layered architecture in a nutshell. How does it relate to abstraction layers?

Layered architecture and abstraction layers

In general, abstraction layers describe reusable code concepts hiding the underlying implementation
details. We can have many abstraction layers in each architecture layer, but what we must not have is
an abstraction crossing the architecture layer boundary. In other words, every abstraction layer must
belong to a single architecture layer. This rule alone can help in evaluating existing abstractions and
identifying new ones.
The following diagram demonstrates how we can correspond Rails abstraction layers to architecture layers:

Figure 5.2 – Rails abstraction layers versus architecture layers

Using the diagram and the previously defined rule, let’s go back to our GithooksController
refactoring example and try to move the webhook parsing (GitHubEvent.parse) to the service object:

Updated service class: now accepts a request object
class HandleGithubEventService < ApplicationService
  param :request
  def call
    event = GitHubEvent.parse(request.raw_post)
    return unless event
    user = User.find_by(gh_id: event.user_id)
    return unless user
    case event
      # This part stays the same
    end
  end
end

Updated controller class
class GithooksController < ApplicationController
  def create
    verify_signature!

97

98

When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough

    if HandleGithubEventService.call(request)
      head :ok
    else
      head :unprocessable_entity
    end
  end
end

Does the HandleGithubEventService service object still belong to the application architecture
layer? Not anymore. As soon as we made it dependent on the request object, which is from the
presentation layer, we introduced a reverse dependency (from the application layer to the presentation
layer). Our service became conceptually broken.
What if we passed not the request object but the raw request body to the service—that is,
HandleGithubEventService.call(request.raw_post)? Technically, the payload is
just a string, so we do not leak any presentation-layer abstractions. On the other hand, whether input
conversion is acceptable or all service object arguments must be prepared is a matter of the convention
in use. So, it’s up to the author of the code (my personal preference would be to pass parsed data to
the application layer, so we can deal only with Ruby objects and avoid deserialization).
Is there room for a new abstraction responsible for request params transformation? Yes—it would be
worth considering if we had more use cases.
We completed the gradual refactoring of a single controller action and even tried to over-refactor it.
We learned about the power of service objects and the need for more granular abstractions. It doesn’t
mean that, eventually, all service objects will emerge from their cocoons into something beautiful.
Web applications are living things, and new requirements constantly appear; there won’t always be
a matching abstraction. Thus, there will always be some yet-uncategorized objects residing in the
application layer.

Summary
In this chapter, you learned about the limitations of the Rails MVC design. You practiced refactoring
fat Rails controllers and models. You learned about the service object concept and how it can be used
to encapsulate business operations in code to lighten controllers and models. You also learned about
the potential downsides to the growing number of services and how pulling out more specialized
abstractions can help. Finally, you learned about the relationship between the layered architecture
and abstraction layers and how to use the former to separate abstractions.
In the next chapter, we will take a closer look at domain services and the possible abstractions that
could be found in this group of objects.

Questions

Questions
1.

What are the negative consequences of having a low number of abstraction layers?

2.

What is a specification test, and how could it be used to detect code worth refactoring?

3.

What is a service object? What is a callable object? Are all service objects also callable objects?

4.

What are the main features of a good abstraction?

5.

What are the four standard layers in layered architecture?

99

Part 2:
Extracting Layers from Models

In this part, we will focus on Rails models and their maintainability. We will discuss how to keep
models responsible only for the application’s domain logic by pulling off upper-level abstractions into
separate abstraction layers.
This part has the following chapters:
• Chapter 6, Data Layer Abstractions
• Chapter 7, Handling User Input outside of Models
• Chapter 8, Pulling Out the Representation Layer

6
Data Layer Abstractions
This chapter opens Part 2 of the book, in which we will talk about the particular patterns in extracting
abstraction layers. As we discussed in Part 1, growing Rails applications feel too cramped within
model-controller-view boundaries; introducing new abstractions allows your code to breathe freely.
We start with the Rails model layer and its core component—Active Record.
In Chapter 2, Active Models and Records, we learned that Active Record models are by design responsible
for representing domain objects and communicating with the persistence engine. In this chapter, we will
discuss the techniques for reducing the responsibility of Active Record by introducing new abstraction
layers. First, we will discuss how to keep the query-building functionality organized via query objects.
Then, we try to leverage Data Mapper ideas and use repositories for Active Record models.
We will cover the following topics:
• Using query objects to extract (complex) queries from models
• Separating domain and persistence with repositories
The goal of this chapter is to learn about domain-layer abstractions with the aim of reducing Active
Record model bloat, as well as getting practice in turning design patterns into well-defined abstractions.

Technical requirements
In this chapter and all chapters of this book, the code given in code blocks is designed to be
executed on Ruby 3.2 and Rails 7.1. Many of the code examples will work on earlier versions of the
aforementioned software.
You will find the code files on GitHub at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/
Layered-Design-for-Ruby-on-Rails-Applications/tree/main/Chapter06.

104

Data Layer Abstractions

Using query objects to extract (complex) queries from
models
Active Record provides an extensive API for querying database data. Without writing a pinch of
SQL, you can achieve most of your data reading goals using the fluent API (a smart term for method
chaining). In simple scenarios, the code is very easy to comprehend as it is read in plain English. Here
is how we can load published posts ordered by their creation date (from newest to oldest):
Post.where(draft: false).order(created_at: :desc)
#=> SELECT * FROM posts WHERE draft = 'f'
  ORDER BY created_at DESC

In recent versions of Rails, even complex queries can be constructed solely with Active Record methods.
Let’s consider an example—loading a list of users whose posts published in the previous week have
been bookmarked at least once:
User.with(
  bookmarked_posts: Post.
      .where(created_at: Date.current.prev_week.all_week)
      .where.associated(:bookmarks)
      .select(:user_id).distinct
).joins(:bookmarked_posts)
#=> WITH "bookmarked_posts" AS (
  SELECT DISTINCT "posts"."user_id"
  FROM "posts" INNER JOIN "bookmarks" …
) SELECT "users".* FROM "users"
  INNER JOIN "bookmarked_posts"
  ON "users"."id" = "bookmarked_posts"."user_id"

We can assume that the first query (loading published posts) is used in some controller and the second
one (loading users with bookmarked posts) in a background job (for example, sending weekly email
digests to these users). Let’s further assume that we put the query-generation code (from the previous
examples) right into a controller and a job class, respectively. How would this affect their maintainability?
One of the key maintainability characteristics is churn rate (see Chapter 2, Active Models and Records),
or how often we need to change the code. Code modifications may be triggered by business logic
changes—we can’t avoid them. However, there are also modifications required to handle incompatible
changes in the dependencies.

Using query objects to extract (complex) queries from models

For example, we may introduce soft deletion to posts, thus changing the domain model logic. Such a
change would require us to update the controller’s query building code as follows:
Post.where(deleted_at: nil)
  .where(draft: false).order(created_at: :desc)

Prior to this change, the controller has no knowledge of whether we soft- or hard-deleted posts—it is out
of its scope. Now, we have increased the coupling between the controller and the underlying domain.
Similar ad hoc query patches are likely to be required in other parts of the application’s code base.
There is a non-zero chance of missing one, and thus, letting bugs escape to production.
Another important characteristic of code is testability. Almost every method calls in an Active Record
query chain represents a logic branching and, thus, should be covered by a test (ideally). Also, when
querying code in a controller, we have to write slower integration tests, thus leading to longer test
runs (which negatively affect productivity).
Finally, logic, as well as code duplication, might occur, which could lead to divergence in the future.
The more complex a query is, the more it affects the surrounding code’s maintainability and thus the
application stability. In Rails, there is a common pattern of moving complex queries into model class
methods or scopes. Here is how we can refactor our queries:

Post class scopes
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  scope :ordered, -> { order(created_at: :desc) }
  scope :published, -> { where(draft: false) }
  scope :kept, -> { where(deleted_at: nil) }
  scope :previous_week, -> {
    where(created_at: Date.current.prev_week.all_week)
  }
end
Post.kept.published.ordered

We introduced named scopes and now can use them instead of explicit conditions. We can also use
class methods, as in the following example, to move complex query construction into a model class:

User class method
class User < ApplicationRecord
  def self.with_bookmarked_posts(period = :previous_week)
    bookmarked_posts =
      Post.kept.public_send(period)

105

106

Data Layer Abstractions

          .where.associated(:bookmarks)
          .select(:user_id).distinct
    with(bookmarked_posts:).joins(:bookmarked_posts)
  end
end
# Now we can use this query as follows
User.with_bookmarked_posts

Extracting queries into models can help with code deduplication and better isolation, but it turns the
model class into a God object. It also increases the churn rate since the model becomes responsible
for many different user-facing features, which are highly volatile.
Let’s see how we can avoid bloating models by introducing a new abstraction layer—query objects.

Extracting query objects
User.with_bookmarked_posts is a good candidate for being extracted into a separate object.
First, the method is self-contained and is not coupled with the model definition itself. Secondly, the
logic is context-specific, that is, it’s only used by a single (or a few) application component(s), and we
should prefer to keep only generic logic in model classes.
So, let’s move it as is into a new class—UserWithBookmarkedPostsQuery:
class UserWithBookmarkedPostsQuery
  def call(period = :previous_week)
    bookmarked_posts =
      Post.public_send(period)
          .where.associated(:bookmarks)
          .select(:user_id).distinct
    User.with(bookmarked_posts:).joins(:bookmarked_posts)
  end
end

Now we can use this object as follows:
UserWithBookmarkedPostsQuery.new.call

Congratulations – we’ve just extracted a query object from the model.
Pattern – query object
A query object is an object responsible for building a query (usually SQL, but not necessary)
by using domain-level objects as input. Thus, the primary responsibility of a query object is to
separate the persistence layer from the domain.

Using query objects to extract (complex) queries from models

Even such a simple extraction is beneficial: we isolated a business logic concept and slimmed down
the model; we can freely use all OOP patterns (such as method extraction) without worrying about
potential conflicts with the model code. However, still, creating a standalone class is not enough to
introduce a new abstraction layer.
An abstraction requires a signature or convention; it also should provide solutions to common problems
(for instance, reducing boilerplate when creating new objects). Let’s see how we can turn the pattern
into a good abstraction by creating a base query class step by step.

From pattern to abstraction
Let’s start with the signature. What API makes sense for query objects? These objects are singlepurpose—they build and resolve a query against a data store. So, we need a single public interface
method. Let’s pick a good name for it.
In the previous example, we used the #call method. It’s a common practice in Ruby and Rails
to name the only API method call (a so-called callable interface). However, this naming poorly
communicates the object’s purpose; it’s too generic. Let’s use a more descriptive interface for our
abstraction, such as #resolve:
class ApplicationQuery
  def resolve(...) = raise NotImplementedError
end

To make our signature complete, we need to decide on the public method parameters and return
values. We have just two methods, #initialize (constructor) and #resolve. The arguments
passed to a constructor should represent an initial state or context. Since we’re building query objects
for Active Record, a good initial state could be an Active Record relation object.
This would make it possible to apply a query object to any scope, not just Model.all. Similarly,
the return value of the #resolve method should also be an Active Record relation so that we can
modify it further with other query objects or Active Record methods. Let’s update our base class
according to these ideas:
class ApplicationQuery
  private attr_reader :relation
  def initialize(relation) = @relation = relation
  def resolve(...) = relation
end

What about the #resolve method arguments? We can use them to provide query parameters or
control the query-building logic. Let’s rewrite the UserWithBookmarkedPostsQuery class to
inherit from ApplicationQuery and implement our common interface:
class UserWithBookmarkedPostsQuery < ApplicationQuery
  def resolve(period: :previous_week)

107

108

Data Layer Abstractions

    bookmarked_posts = build_bookmarked_posts_scope(period)
    relation.with(bookmarked_posts:)
      .joins(:bookmarked_posts)
  end
  private
  def build_bookmarked_posts_scope(period)
    return Post.none unless Post.respond_to?(period)
    Post.public_send(period)
      .where.associated(:bookmarks)
      .select(:user_id).distinct
  end
end

And here is how we can use this updated query object:
UserWithBookmarkedPostsQuery.new(User.all).resolve
UserWithBookmarkedPostsQuery.new(User.where
  (name: "Vova")).resolve(period: :previous_month)

Since our #resolve method returns a relation object, we can re-write the latter example as follows:
UserWithBookmarkedPostsQuery.new(User.all).resolve
  (period: :previous_month).where(name: "Vova")

Notice that in most cases, we pass the same object to the constructor—User.all. We can reduce
this boilerplate by adding a default value to the constructor:

Updated query object
class UserWithBookmarkedPostsQuery < ApplicationQuery
  def initialize(relation = User.all) = super(relation)
  # …
end

Updated usage example
UserWithBookmarkedPostsQuery.new.resolve

Finally, we can also get rid of the .new call by adding a class-to-instance delegation:
class ApplicationQuery
  class << self

Using query objects to extract (complex) queries from models

    def resolve(...) = new.resolve(...)
  end
end
UserWithBookmarkedPostsQuery.resolve

This is our final abstraction signature. Now let’s talk about the convention.
A convention is a set of rules on how to name and organize things (code or files, for example), which
can be used by the program to implicitly infer functionality. In other words, following a convention
helps us to reduce the amount of code and also simplify the design process (since we don’t need to
reinvent the wheel every time we want to add a new entity).
Let’s see how we can introduce a convention into our query objects. For that, let’s take a look at
UserWithBookmarkedPostsQuery and its constructor:
class UserWithBookmarkedPostsQuery < ApplicationQuery
  def initialize(relation = User.all) = super(relation)
  # …
end

As humans, we can infer from the query object class name that this query object deals with the User
model. Can we make our program do the same? Sure, we can do that by adding some naming rules.
For example, we can require storing query object classes under the corresponding model namespace:
class User
  class WithBookmarkedPostsQuery < ApplicationQuery
    # …
  end
end

Now, we can update our base class constructor to automatically infer a default relation from the
class name:
class ApplicationQuery
  class << self
    def query_model
      name.sub(/::[^\:]+$/, "").safe_constantize
    end
  end
  def initialize(relation = self.class.query_model.all)
    @relation = relation
  end
end

109

110

Data Layer Abstractions

Using this convention, we can define and use query objects as follows:
class Post::DraftsQuery < ApplicationQuery
  def resolve = relation.where(draft: true)
end
Post::DraftsQuery.resolve #== Post.all.where(draft: true)

The convention could also be used to simplify testing (custom matchers or shared contexts) or apply
static code analysis (for example, writing custom RuboCop cops). Linters could be used to enforce
query object usage, but there is a question: when do we use query objects and when do we use Rails’s
built-in features, such as scopes, for instance?
Let’s try to answer this question.

Scopes versus query objects
Active Record has a built-in feature that resembles query objects in some sense—scopes. We already
used scopes for the Post class in the previous examples; let’s recall them:
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  scope :ordered, -> { order(created_at: :desc) }
  scope :published, -> { where(draft: false) }
  scope :kept, -> { where(deleted_at: nil) }
  scope :previous_week, -> {
    where(created_at: Date.current.prev_week.all_week)
  }
end

Compared to using where(…) or order(…) explicitly, scopes carry semantical meaning; they
don’t leak implementation details. This makes using scopes more robust to potential changes to the
underlying model or schema. In this sense, scopes are like query objects, but not all scopes are like that.
The scopes in the example are atomic. They add just a single modification each and can be easily
combined. However, there may be complex scopes: either combining multiple scopes, relying on
complicated query building, or both. Let’s consider an example of over-scoping—an extensive usage
of scopes that could lead to unexpected behavior.
Imagine we noticed that in many places, we use the .ordered and .published scopes together,
so we decided to add .ordered to the .published scope by default:
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  scope :ordered, -> { order(created_at: :desc) }
  scope :published, -> { ordered.where(draft: false) }
end

Using query objects to extract (complex) queries from models

Now, we can write Post.published instead of Post.published.ordered. That’s good – less
typing. Assume that now you want to show published posts in alphabetical order for a certain feature:
Post.insert_all([
  {title: "A", created_at: 1.day.ago},
  {title: "B", created_at: 1.hour.ago}
])
Post.published.order(title: :asc).pluck(:title)
#=> ["B", "A"], but we expect ["A", "B"]

Why doesn’t the code work as expected? We have already added the order clause to the query within
the .published scope:
Post.published.order(title: :asc) == Post.where
  (draft: true).order(created_at: :desc).order(title: :asc)

Sure, we can find a workaround: change the order of the .published and .order calls, use
.reorder, or avoid using the scope. Any of these options will mean that this code now knows about
internals it doesn’t really use.
This is a simple example of overusing scopes and how it can lead to conflicts. In real life, the dependencies
could be much more entangled and harder to resolve. Sticking to atomic scopes and query objects for
complex queries helps to avoid this.
There is, however, a benefit in using scopes or class methods compared to query objects from a
readability point of view. Consider the following examples:
# Using a scope
account.users.with_bookmarked_posts
# Using a query object
User::WithBookmarkedPostsQuery.new(account.users).resolve

We can achieve the same level of readability with query objects by attaching them to models:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  scope :with_bookmarked_posts, WithBookmarkedPostsQuery
end

A scope body could be any callable object, not only Lambda or Proc. Hence, all we need is to
make our query class respond to the .call method. We can make this by creating an alias for the
.resolve method:
class ApplicationQuery
  class << self
    def resolve(...) = new.resolve(...)
    alias_method :call, :resolve

111

112

Data Layer Abstractions

  end
end

That’s it. Now we can extend Active Record models with query objects without sacrificing the Rails
Way interface.
So far, we’ve only considered specific model queries and the corresponding query objects. Let’s see
how we can use query objects to share the querying behavior between multiple models.

Reusable query objects and Arel
When we construct queries with Active Record, we can fall back to plain old SQL and go very far with
it. However, when switching from ORM to raw strings, we lose a lot of features, such as automatic
type casting and quoting, to name a few. The risk of introducing bugs increases, especially when the
code is re-used by multiple models (and, thus, database tables).
Let’s assume that we added tags support to the Post model from our examples. Now, a post can be
created with a list of arbitrary tags as follows:
post = Post.create!(
  title: "Query Objects on Rails",
  tags: ["rails", "active_record"]
)

Since tags can have any value, we decided to store them as a JSON array in the database. To make it
possible to select posts matching a given tag, we added a scope:
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  scope :tagged, ->(tag) {
    where("EXISTS ("\
      "SELECT 1 FROM json_each(tags) WHERE value = ?"\
    ")", tag)
  }
end

This query is specific to SQLite 3, which we use for demonstration purposes. We can use it like this:
Post.tagged("rails")
#=> [#<Post id: 1, title: "Query Objects..."]

Then, we decided to add tags support for bookmarks in a similar fashion:
user.bookmarks.create!(post: post, tags: %w[ruby todo])

Using query objects to extract (complex) queries from models

The same scope code could be used for the Bookmark model, too:
class Bookmark < ApplicationRecord
  scope :tagged, ->(tag) {
    where("EXISTS ("\
      "SELECT 1 FROM json_each(tags) WHERE value = ?"\
    ")", tag)
  }
end
user.bookmarks.tagged("ruby")

The querying logic and code for both .tagged scopes are the same, so why not extract it and reuse
it? Let’s try to use a query object for that:
class TaggedQuery < ApplicationQuery
  def resolve(tag)
    relation.where("EXISTS ("\
      "SELECT 1 FROM json_each(tags) WHERE value = ?"\
    ")", tag)
  end
end

Now, we can use this query object with any model:
# For posts
TaggedQuery.new(Post.all).resolve("rails")
# For bookmarks
TaggedQuery.new(user.bookmarks).resolve("ruby")

Note that since the query is not model-specific, we cannot infer a model class automatically, and thus
cannot attach the query object to a model via scopes. To overcome this problem, we can enhance the
ApplicationQuery class with the ability to explicitly specify a model:
class ApplicationQuery
  class << self
    attr_writer :query_model_name
    def query_model_name
      @query_model_name ||= name.sub(/::[^\:]+$/, "")
    end
    def query_model
      query_model_name.safe_constantize
    end

113

114

Data Layer Abstractions

  end
end

Now, to reuse the same query object class for different models, we need to create a copy of it and define
a model class. For that, we can use a parameterized module approach:

Attaching a query object as a parameterized class
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  scope :tagged, TaggedQuery[self]
end
class Bookmark < ApplicationRecord
  scope :tagged, TaggedQuery[self]
end

Parameterization implementation
class ApplicationQuery
  class << self
    def [](model)
      Class.new(self).tap {
        _1.query_model_name = model.name
      }
    end
  end
end

The use of a parameterized module is a metaprogramming technique, which implies generating Ruby
modules or classes dynamically with some predefined configuration passed as an input parameter.
Usually, the #[]= method is used as a constructor, so it looks like a regular module or class with a
modifier. Such an API resembles generics in typed languages.
Now we can use our query object via an Active Record scoping interface:
Post.tagged("rails")
user.bookmarks.tagged("ruby")

We isolated the querying logic and made this logic pluggable into any model requiring this functionality.
The query object code might look too simple to justify the extraction, but let’s see how it will evolve
to reflect changing requirements.

Using query objects to extract (complex) queries from models

Let’s assume that we decided to allow users to select the bookmarked posts matching any given tag.
For that, we can create a through association:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  has_many :bookmarked_posts, through: :bookmarks,
                              source: :post
end

However, using this association and the query object defined here together doesn’t work:
user.bookmarked_posts.tagged("rails")
#=> SQLite3::SQLException: ambiguous column name: tags

This is one of the caveats of using plain SQL—we need to take care of quoting column names ourselves.
As a quick fix, we can update our SQL string to include a table name for the tags column:
class TaggedQuery < ApplicationQuery
  def resolve(tag)
    relation.where("EXISTS ("\
      "SELECT 1 FROM
       json_each(#{relation.table_name}.tags)
       WHERE value = ?"\
    ")", tag)
  end
end

The preceding fix will work in most cases (it will break if a table name contains spaces or other special
symbols); the query is still readable. However, what if we introduce a new requirement? For example, we
may want to support filtering by multiple tags or modify the structure of the JSON field containing tags.
When building reusable queries by wiring plain SQL parts, it’s easy to get to a point where the source
code is barely understandable due to a heavy mix of string literals and interpolation. Introducing
errors becomes easier while debugging turns into a nightmare.
Luckily, Rails has a tool for building queries in an object-oriented manner— A Relational Algebra
(Arel). Arel is a part of the Active Record library, and it is what drives all SQL generation under the
hood. We can use it when existing Active Record APIs are not enough (as in our example).
Arel is a SQL abstract syntax tree manager. Instead of writing raw strings, you build a tree from SQL
operation and value nodes, and Arel compiles it into a valid SQL. It performs proper quoting and
typecasting along the way, so you don’t have to do it yourself.
Arel is an advanced tool that should be used with caution, but once you get the hang of it, you will
never come back to manual SQL string stitching.

115

116

Data Layer Abstractions

What a gem – arel-helpers
The arel-helpers gem (https://github.com/camertron/arel-helpers) is
a collection of extensions for Arel to reduce the amount of boilerplate (especially for complex
JOIN conditions).
Let’s see how we can rewrite our query object with Arel:
class TaggedQuery < ApplicationQuery
  def resolve(tag)
    subquery = tags.project(1).where(tags[:value].eq(tag))
    relation.where(subquery.exists)
  end
  private
  def tags
    @tags ||= Arel::Nodes::NamedFunction.new(
      "json_each", [arel_table[:tags]]
    ).then do
      name = Arel.sql(_1.to_sql)
      Arel::Table.new(name, as: :json_tags)
    end
  end
  def arel_table = self.class.query_model.arel_table
end

The code may look more sophisticated, but at the same time, it’s more robust. Although it may be
unclear from this example, using nodes to construct queries brings better composability and flexibility:
all Ruby features are available to use since we operate on objects.
The good thing about using query objects along with Arel is that we can physically isolate advanced
code from the rest of the application code base. By physically, I mean that the code lives in a separate
file, not in your model. But where to put this file? Let’s finish discussing query objects by answering
this question.

Code organization with query objects versus architecture layers
In Chapter 5, When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough, we learned about layered architecture and how
it relates to abstraction layers. Models belong to the domain layer. What about query objects? From
the layered architecture point of view, they also belong to the domain layer since they operate only
on the entities from this layer. On the other hand, query objects clearly lie above the domain models,
thus comprising an upper sub-layer. We can borrow the domain-driven design (DDD) terminology
and call this architecture sub-layer domain services.

Separating domain and persistence with repositories

Since the domain services layer is not a real architecture layer, we have more freedom in how to
organize the corresponding code. For Rails apps, that means that query objects can be stored under
the app/models folder; no need to separate them from models.
The convention we introduced here works well in this case: query objects are grouped under the
corresponding model folder; the filename suffixes (*_query.rb) help to differentiate between
abstraction layers. Introducing a new top-level folder (app/queries) is justified in case most query
objects are reusable and not model-specific.
We can say that the query object layer is weak. We do not enforce using query objects every time
we need to read data – only when the logic is quite complex (which is very subjective). Otherwise, a
plain Active Record scope or even in-place queries can be used. This way, we try to balance simplicity
and maintainability.
However, you can go further and turn the domain services into a standalone (and require) layer, thus
enforcing all querying as well as persistence-related operations on domain models to be performed via
dedicated objects. Let’s take a quick overview of this approach and how it can be implemented in Rails.

Separating domain and persistence with repositories
In Chapter 2, Active Models and Records, we discussed two object-relational mapping abstractions,
Active Record and Data Mapper, and their differences. Rails obviously goes with the first approach,
but that doesn’t mean we cannot derail and use Data Mapper concepts in our code.
To recall, the main difference between Active Record and Data Mapper is that Data Mapper separates
models from persistence: models are just enhanced data containers, and other objects are used for
querying and storing data (repositories and relations). Thus, there is a clear separation between the
domain layer and domain services. This separation gives you more control over data access and
transformation at the cost of losing Active Record’s (the library’s) simplicity.
Usually, switching to the Data Mapper paradigm in Ruby on Rails applications comes along with
migrating to some other ORM instead of Active Record – for instance, Ruby Object Mapper (https://
rom-rb.org). As the purpose of this book is to explore the Extended Rails Way, we will try to apply
Data Mapper ideas to Active Record models by introducing Active Record Repository abstraction.
Pattern – repository
A repository object is an intermediate object between domain models and data sources
(persistence). It abstracts data access by providing collection-like access to domain objects,
so the upper abstraction/architecture layers operate on plain objects without relying on their
persistent nature.

117

118

Data Layer Abstractions

The good thing about building repositories on top of Active Record is that we can gradually migrate
models one by one to this new concept without changing everything else. Let’s start with the Post
model from the previous examples.
Here is the list of data access-related operations over posts we had and the corresponding Rails code:
• Creating a post: Post.create(post_params)
• Publishing a post: post.update!(draft: false)
• Showing all posts: Post.all
• Showing a single post: Post.find(id)
• Searching posts by tags: Post.tagged("rails")
We need to migrate all these actions to use a repository. Thus, our repository needs at least four
public methods:
class PostsRepository
  def all = Post.all.to_a
  def find(id) = Post.find_by(id:)
  def add(attrs) = Post.create!(attrs)
  def publish(post) = post.update!(draft: false)
  def search(tag: nil)
    Post.where("EXISTS (" \
      "SELECT 1 FROM json_each(tags) WHERE value = ?)",
      tag
    )
  end
end

We can use our repository like this:
repo = PostsRepository.new
post = repo.add(
  title: "Repositories on Rails",
  tags: %w[orm data_mapper])
repo.publish(post)
repo.search(tag: "orm")

Even such a basic repository example highlights the differences from Active Record.
First, update operations are no longer generic; the repository pattern encourages us to use an actionspecific interface (#publish instead of #update). Having dedicated methods for different update
operations better reflects the business logic and helps us to understand how an entity is used in the

Separating domain and persistence with repositories

application. Thus, unlike Active Record, which provides universal data access, repositories provide
an application-specific interface to data (which is usually much more concise).
Secondly, complex querying is extracted from the model by design. The #search method acts
similarly to a query object from the previous section. We can say that a repository is a collection of
queries and transformations (or commands). Does this mean that repositories are at risk of becoming
God objects now? Not really. We can create multiple repositories for the same model but for different
contexts, and thus organize code according to product features.
Finally, note that we added #to_a to the #all method of the PostRepository class defined
here. This is because a repository must return only domain objects (collection-like access). Returning
an Active Record relation would mean leaking internals. For the same reason that the #find method
doesn’t raise an exception if a record is not found but returns null, it’s up to the calling code to decide
how to handle a missing object.
Similar to the ApplicationQuery class, we can introduce an ApplicationRepository
class to implement a common behavior and introduce a convention:
class ApplicationRepository
  class << self
    attr_writer :model_name
    def model_name
      @model_name ||=
        name.sub(/Repository$/, "").singularize
    end
    def model
      model_name.safe_constantize
    end
  end
  delegate :model, to: :class
  def all = model.all.to_a
  def find(id) = model.find_by(id:)
  def add(attrs) = model.create!(attrs)
end

Now, our PostsRepository class looks like this:
class PostsRepository < ApplicationRepository
  def publish(post) = post.update!(draft: false)
  def search(tag: nil)

119

120

Data Layer Abstractions

    model.where(
      "EXISTS (SELECT 1 FROM json_each(tags) "\
      "WHERE value = ?)", tag)
  end
end

This is the simplest repository pattern implementation on top of Active Record. It still lacks some
important features:
• Returned objects are Active Record objects; they still have access to the persistence layer.
Ideally, we need to map Active Record objects to some plain Ruby models. Otherwise, we’re
not really data-mapping.
• We have to explicitly instantiate a repository object every time we need it. In practice, a dependency
injection/inversion system must be used instead. See, for example, the dry-container
gem (https://dry-rb.org/gems/dry-container).
• One particular motivation for introducing repositories into a Ruby on Rails application could
be the desire to migrate from a monolithic architecture to a modular one. Repositories help to
eliminate hidden dependencies between models and define clear public interfaces for components.

Summary
In this chapter, you learned about the query objects and repository abstractions and how they could
be used to reduce Active Record models’ responsibility. You practiced turning a design pattern into an
abstraction layer. You also learned about the domain services layer and its place in the layered architecture.
In the next chapter, we will further explore how to reduce Active Record models’ responsibility by
introducing abstractions from the upper architecture layers, such as the presentation layer.

Questions
1.

What is a query object?

2.

What is the difference between a query object and an Active Record scope?

3.

What is an atomic scope?

4.

What is the difference between a query object and a repository?

7
Handling User
Input outside of Models
In this chapter, we’ll continue discussing abstractions related to Rails models. This time, we will talk
about user-driven operations and the corresponding design patterns. First, we’ll talk about modifying
operations (creating or updating models) and introduce the concept of a form object, which is an
object representing a user interface form in the code base. Then, we’ll discuss how to read (or filter)
data based on user-provided parameters with the help of filter objects.
You will learn how to identify functionality that can be moved to form and filter objects, so you can
introduce new abstraction layers and reduce the responsibility of the existing ones (especially the
model layer).
We will cover the following topics:
• Form objects – closer to the UI, farther from persistence
• Filter objects or user-driven query building
This chapter aims to give you practice in extracting the presentation layer abstractions from Rails
models so you learn which properties they have in common and how and when to use them in your
code base.

Technical requirements
In this chapter, and all chapters of this book, the code given in code blocks is designed to be executed
on Ruby 3.2 and Rails 7. Many of the code examples will work on earlier versions of the afore
mentioned software.
You will find the code files on GitHub at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/
Layered-Design-for-Ruby-on-Rails-Applications/tree/main/Chapter07.

122

Handling User Input outside of Models

Form objects – closer to the UI, farther from persistence
From a user interaction point of view, using almost any web application could be seen as a sequence
of interleaving form submissions and link clicks. Although this is a very rough definition, it’s good
enough to demonstrate that there are two primary ways an application deals with user-provided
information: consuming incoming payloads and answering user-generated queries.
Let’s start with the first one.
In most cases (at least for Ruby on Rails applications), consuming a payload means creating or updating
domain objects backed by Active Record models. The built-in #create, #update, and #destroy
Active Record methods can get us far beyond simple Create, Read, Update, and Delete (CRUD)
operations, especially spiced with conditional or contextual validations and model callbacks—almost
any sophisticated form could be processed without leaving the boundaries of a model object. But wait,
didn’t we discuss the downsides of such an approach in Chapter 4, Rails Anti-Patterns? Let’s recall
these downsides and see how we can avoid them by introducing a new abstraction.

UI forms versus models
Here is the question: should a model be aware of the UI? The layered architecture (see Chapter 5,
When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough, in particular the On layered architecture and abstraction
layers section) answers this question quickly: no, it’s illegal to go up the architecture stack (a model
lies somewhere at the bottom, while the UI is at the top).
Why am I asking this question? In Rails, it’s easy to introduce an implicit connection between models
and the UI. For example, when we try to make a model responsible for processing non-trivial form
submissions or when there are multiple contexts in which we create or update the model objects.
Let’s consider an example of a model evolution reflecting ever-changing business-logic requirements.

Scaffolding a form-controller-model relationship
Let’s imagine we build a new Rails application from scratch. One of the productivity tools the framework
gives us is generators. With the help of generators, you can quickly scaffold the application without
writing any code by hand but executing command-line commands.
For example, here is how you can add a User resource to your application:
$ bin/rails g scaffold user name:string email:string
  invoke  active_record
  create    db/migrate/20230130220042_create_users.rb
  create    app/models/user.rb
  invoke  resource_route
  route    resources :users
  invoke  scaffold_controller

Form objects – closer to the UI, farther from persistence

    create    app/controllers/users_controller.rb
  invoke  erb
    create    app/views/users
    create    app/views/users/index.html.erb
    # ...
    create      app/views/users/_form.html.erb
    # ...
  invoke test_unit
    # ...

The preceding command creates a model class and a corresponding controller class implementing all
CRUD actions and HTML templates. Finally, it configures the application routes and generates test stubs.
By default, Rails generates a single form template (users/_form.html.erb) for both the #create
and #update actions. Let’s look at the generated code for these actions:
class UsersController < ApplicationController
  # ...
  def create
    @user = User.new(user_params)
    if @user.save
      redirect_to @user, notice: "User was successfully
       created."
    else
      render :new, status: :unprocessable_entity
    end
  end
  def update
    if @user.update(user_params)
      redirect_to @user, notice: "User was successfully
        updated."
    else
      render :edit, status: :unprocessable_entity
    end
  end
  # ...
end

They look similar: the same filtered parameters are used, and the actual creation/modification is
delegated to the model class. We use the generic User#save and User#update methods. No
UI (that is, form) context is leaking to the model. The form itself is also generic: it allows you to set/
update all the available attributes.

123

124

Handling User Input outside of Models

Figure 7.1 – A form UI created by the scaffold generator (using the tailwindcss-rails gem)

However, such generic forms are not very common. There are usually different contexts in which model
entities can be modified. Let’s see how our user form evolves and splits into multiple context-specific forms.

From generic creation to invitation and registration
When it comes to application users, we’re likely to deal with operations such as inviting users and signing
up. Unfortunately, neither of these two actions matches the auto-generated UsersController class and
the form we created in the previous step. So, let’s create two new controllers, InvitationsController
and RegistrationsController, to render and process the invitation and registration
forms, respectively:

InvitationsController
class InvitationsController < ApplicationController
  def new
    @user = User.new
  end
  def create
    @user = User.new(params.require(:user).permit(:email))
    if @user.save
      redirect_to root_path
    else
      render :new, status: :unprocessable_entity
    end
  end
end

Form objects – closer to the UI, farther from persistence

RegistrationsController
class RegistrationsController < ApplicationController
  def new
    @user = User.new
  end
  def create
    @user = User.new(params.require(:user).permit
      (:email, :name))
    @user.confirmed_at = Time.current
    if @user.save
      redirect_to root_path
    else
      render :new, status: :unprocessable_entity
    end
  end
end

The difference between the two #create actions here is subtle but important from a business-logic
perspective: to invite a user, we only need an email address, whereas during self-registration, we require
both an email address and name to be provided. Model-level validations enforce the requirement:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  validates :email, presence: true, uniqueness: true
  validates :name, presence: true, if: :confirmed?
  def confirmed? = confirmed_at.present?
end

Note that we use the #confirmed_at attribute to distinguish invited users from users who completed
registration. We must use conditional validations to support both invitation and registration scenarios.
Though, at a stretch, we can say that the User model became coupled with the UI (through this
conditional validation).
Let’s enhance our scenarios to make the connection between the model and the presentation layer clearer.

Adding notifications to the equation
Our invitation functionality lacks one important feature—sending an email to the newly invited user.
The simplest way to add this feature is to introduce a model-level callback:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  after_create_commit :send_invitation, unless: :confirmed?

125

126

Handling User Input outside of Models

  def send_invitation
    UserMailer.invite(self).deliver_later
  end
end

The callback connects the invitation feature to the #confirmed_at attribute. Similarly, we can add
another callback to send a welcome email to a just-registered user:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  after_create_commit :send_invitation, unless: :confirmed?
  after_create_commit :send_welcome_email, if: :confirmed?
  def send_invitation
    UserMailer.invite(self).deliver_later
  end
  def send_welcome_email
    UserMailer.welcome(self).deliver_later
  end
end

Now, whenever we create a User record, we send an email (either invitation or registration), even
if the user is created, say, from the Rails console. In Chapter 4, Rails Anti-Patterns?, in the Active
Record callbacks go wild section, we learned about a potential workaround to better control callback
execution—virtual attributes:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  attribute :should_send_invitation, :boolean
  attribute :should_send_welcome_email, :boolean
  after_create_commit :send_invitation, if:
    :should_send_invitation
  after_create_commit :send_welcome_email, if:
    :should_send_welcome_email
  # ...
end

We can update our controllers (InvitationsController and RegistrationsController)
to explicitly tell the model to send notifications:

InvitationsController
class InvitationsController < ApplicationController
  def create

Form objects – closer to the UI, farther from persistence

    @user = User.new(params.require(:user).permit(:email))
    @user.should_send_invitation = true
    if @user.save
      # ...
    end
  end
end

RegistrationsController
class RegistrationsController < ApplicationController
  def create
    @user = User.new(params.require(:user).permit(:email, :name))
    @user.confirmed_at = Time.current
    @user.should_send_welcome_email = true
    if @user.save
      # ...
    end
  end
end

Let’s add the icing on the cake—adding the Send me the copy checkbox (and the implementation
of the corresponding feature – sending the email copy) to the invitation form. The form UI will look
as follows:

Figure 7.2 – Invitation form with the Send me the copy checkbox

How can we handle this checkbox value? Should we add yet another virtual attribute to the User
model? At this point, it becomes clear that putting everything into the model isn’t a clever idea. Let’s
make our controller responsible for dealing with it!
class InvitationsController < ApplicationController
  def create
    @user = User.new(params.require(:user).permit(:email))

127

128

Handling User Input outside of Models

    @user.should_send_invitation = true
    if @user.save
      if params[:send_copy] == "1"
        UserMailer.invitation_copy(current_user, @user)
          .deliver_later
      end
      redirect_to root_path
    else
      # ...
    end
  end
end

The preceding solution is far from ideal. The invitation logic is now spread across two classes; there
are multiple logical branches and magic constants (like "1" here). (We could move all the logic to
the controllers and go the fat controllers way—let me leave this interesting exercise to you, the reader.)
The conceptual complexity we introduced into our code base is incomparable to the size of the
feature—a couple of tiny forms with a handful of fields. Let’s see how we can compress the complexity
by introducing a new abstraction—form objects.

Form objects to the rescue
One important thing we need to learn about Rails development: when struggling with whether to
put new logic into a model class or a controller class, always remember there is a third way—creating
a new object in between. In Chapter 5, When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough, we discussed the
phenomenon of service objects (and how they’re often used as universal intermediate objects).
We concluded that service objects could comprise a standalone architecture layer (application services)
right below the presentation layer and above the domain layer. Abstraction layers are only good if
they respect architecture layers’ boundaries. Thus, we cannot use our silver bullets, service objects, to
implement form-handling logic. We need something new. So, here come form objects.
Pattern — form object
A form object is responsible for handling a specific user interaction involving data submission
(usually through an HTML form interface or something similar). Form objects validate user
input and trigger interaction-specific business-logic rules and side effects.
Since form objects belong to the presentation layer (see the following), they could also be used by views
(for example, to dynamically render form fields). However, form objects must be distinguished from
form builders and form view components, whose sole responsibility is building a UI (for instance,
producing an HTML representation of the form). We will discuss view-layer abstractions in Chapter 11,
Better Abstractions for HTML Views.

Form objects – closer to the UI, farther from persistence

Figure 7.3 – The location of form objects in the layered architecture

Let’s extract the invitation form-related functionality into a standalone Ruby class—our first form object.
Let’s start with the public interface:
class UserInvitationForm
  attr_reader :user, :send_copy, :sender
  def initialize(params, send_copy: false, sender: nil)
    @user = User.new(params)
    @send_copy = send_copy.in?(%w[1 t true])
    @sender = sender
  end
  def save
    validate!
    return false if user.errors.any?
    user.save!
    deliver_notifications!
  end
  # ...
end

Our class has only two public methods: a constructor (#initialize) and a form submission method
(#save). The constructor accepts user input (form params) and the context (a sender). Note that due
to the structure of input parameters, we had to split them into two method parameters (send_copy
is passed separately). The #save method mimics the Active Record API: it returns false when the
input is invalid and performs the required actions otherwise.
The private part of our form object class is responsible for validation and side effects:
class UserInvitationForm
  # ...
  private

129

130

Handling User Input outside of Models

  def validate!
    user.errors.add(:email, :blank) if user.email.blank?
  end
  def deliver_notifications!
    UserMailer.invite(user).deliver_later
    if send_copy
      UserMailer.invite_copy(sender, user).deliver_later
    end
  end
end

We collect validation errors in the Active Model Errors object (user.errors) to make our form object
compatible with Rails form helpers (to render user.errors.full_messages in the response).
This is how we use the UserInvitationForm class in our controller:
class InvitationsController < ApplicationController
  def create
    form = UserInvitationForm.new(
      params.require(:user).permit(:email).to_h,
      send_copy: params[:send_copy],
      send_copy_to: current_user
    )
    if form.save
      redirect_to root_path
    else
      @user = form.user
      render :new, status: :unprocessable_entity
    end
  end
end

We’ve implemented a UI form-driven feature without touching our model class and have kept our
controller slim. However, the form object extraction we just conducted has many rough edges:
• Form initialization is ad hoc (the #initialize signature)
• The controller is still responsible for filtering params (params.require(:user).
permit(:email))
• We have to typecast user input ourselves (send_copy.in?(%w[1 t true])) and perform
validations manually
• We leak form object internals (form.user) for rendering

Form objects – closer to the UI, farther from persistence

Let’s see how we can standardize form objects with the help of Active Model.

Using Active Model to abstract form objects
Which common tasks does our form object abstraction need to solve? Looking at the previous example,
we can form the following list:
• Input parameter filtering, typecasting, and validation
• Triggering actions on successful form submission
• Compatibility with Action View helpers
Active Model provides features to implement all of this. Let’s start with the core functionality—attributes,
validations, and the public API (#save):
class ApplicationForm
  include ActiveModel::API
  include ActiveModel::Attributes
  def save
    return false unless valid?
    with_transaction { submit! }
  end
  private
  def with_transaction(&)
    ApplicationRecord.transaction(&)
  end
  def submit!
    raise NotImplementedError
  end
end

Including A c t i v e M o d e l : : A P I automatically gives us validation support, while
ActiveModel::Attributes provides DSL for defining a form object schema along with
parameter types. Finally, we define a generic #save method, which performs validations and invokes
a submission action only if they succeed. We wrap the submission action in a database transaction
by default (since performing multiple mutating database queries within a form object is common).

131

132

Handling User Input outside of Models

Let’s see how can we rewrite our invitation form object using the newly created abstraction (via the
ApplicationForm class):
class InvitationForm < ApplicationForm
  attribute :email
  attribute :send_copy, :boolean
  attr_accessor :sender
  validates :email, presence: true
  private
  attr_reader :user
  def submit!
    @user = User.new(email:)
    user.save!
    deliver_notifications!
  end
  def deliver_notifications!
    UserMailer.invite(user).deliver_later
    if send_copy && sender
      UserMailer.invite_copy(sender, user).deliver_later
    end
  end
end

We use the .attribute method to declare form inputs—this is our convention. If we need to provide
some additional context, we use regular Ruby attribute accessors. We use a familiar validations API
with no mental overhead added.
We’ve just laid the foundation for our form object abstraction. Let’s see how we can make it more powerful.

Adding callbacks to decompose submission actions
In the preceding example, the #submit! method becomes a single entry point for all the actions
to be performed. We can decompose it by moving side effects to callbacks! Let’s add after_save
and after_commit callback support to the ApplicationForm class:
class ApplicationForm
  include ActiveModel::API
  include ActiveModel::Attributes
  define_callbacks :save, only: :after

Form objects – closer to the UI, farther from persistence

  define_callbacks :commit, only: :after
  class << self
    def after_save(...)
      set_callback(:save, :after, ...)
    end
    def after_commit(...)
      set_callback(:commit, :after, ...)
    end
  end
  def save
    return false unless valid?
    with_transaction do
      AfterCommitEverywhere.after_commit { run_callbacks
        (:commit) }
      run_callbacks(:save) { submit! }
    end
  end
end

The callbacks behave the same way as the corresponding Active Record callbacks (see Chapter 4, Rails
Anti-Patterns?). To implement the after_commit callbacks outside of Active Record, we use the
after_commit_everywhere gem (https://github.com/Envek/after_commit_
everywhere).
Let’s update our InvitationForm class to use callbacks:
class InvitationForm < ApplicationForm
  # ...
  after_commit :deliver_invitation
  after_commit :deliver_invitation_copy, if: :send_copy
  private
  def submit!
    @user = User.new(email:)
    user.save!
  end
  def deliver_invitation
    UserMailer.invite(user).deliver_later
  end

133

134

Handling User Input outside of Models

  def deliver_invitation_copy
    UserMailer.invite_copy(sender, user).deliver_later if sender
  end
end

On the one hand, our #submit! method now implements only the primary logic of this form. On
the other hand, we can easily see all the additional actions from the declarations at the beginning of
the class.
Let’s move on to the presentation part of a form object’s responsibility.

Making form objects Action View-friendly
Form objects belong to the presentation layer; thus, they can be used in view templates. Building on top
of the Active Model allows us to use form objects with Action View helpers just like regular models.
We already explored this feature in Chapter 2, Active Models and Records, so let’s briefly demonstrate
how it can be applied to our example.
First, look at the HTML template for the original invitation form (styling omitted):
<%= form_for(@user, url: invitations_path) do |form| %>
  <%= form.label :email %>
  <%= form.text_field :email %>
  <%= label_tag :send_copy, "Send me the copy" %>
  <%= check_box_tag :send_copy %>
  <%= form.submit "Invite" %>
<% end %>

We mix two APIs: form.<field> and <field>_tag. That’s because the send_copy attribute
is not defined on the model, so we have to fall back to plain form helpers, not backed by a model
instance. We also specified the URL explicitly since we need to submit this form via the custom
controller (InvitationsController, not UsersController).
With our form object, we can fully leverage Rails APIs and conventions and avoid workarounds:
<%= form_for(@invitation_form) do |form| %>
  <%= form.label :email %>
  <%= form.text_field :email %>
  <%= form.label :send_copy, "Send me the copy" %>
  <%= form.check_box :send_copy %>
  <%= form.submit "Invite" %>
<% end %>

Form objects – closer to the UI, farther from persistence

Form helpers recognize attributes, and URL helpers can automatically infer a correct action URL.
The latter feature requires a tiny modification to the ApplicationForm class—overriding the
#model_name method:
class ApplicationForm
  # ...
  def model_name
    ActiveModel::Name.new(
      nil, nil, self.class.name.sub(/Form$/, "")
    )
  end
end

We override the #model_name method used for inference to cut the Form suffix from the resource
name represented by a form object. Thus, InvitationForm represents the (virtual) Invitation
resource. This is another convention we use to define the form object abstraction.
At this point, our abstraction seems rather complete. There are multiple directions in which we can
evolve it depending on the application’s needs. One common power-up is integrating form objects
with strong parameters.

Form objects versus strong parameters
Let’s see how the InvitationForm class fits the corresponding controller:
class InvitationsController < ApplicationController
  def new
    @invitation_form = InvitationForm.new
  end
  def create
    @invitation_form = InvitationForm.new(
      params.require(:invitation)
            .permit(:email, :send_copy)
    )
    @invitation_form.sender = current_user
    if @invitation_form.save
      redirect_to root_path
    else
      render :new, status: :unprocessable_entity
    end
  end
end

135

136

Handling User Input outside of Models

The code is as simple as the scaffolded controller's code, which we saw at the beginning of this chapter
(in the Scaffolding a form-controller-model relationship subsection). And we can make it even simpler
by removing the duplication: params filtering.
By convention, a form object class declares all the acceptable form fields as attributes (via the
.attribute method). We can reuse this information to infer the filtering pattern (arguments
passed to the #permit method). The basic implementation would be as follows:
class ApplicationForm
  class << self
    def from(params)
      new(params.permit(attribute_names.map(&:to_sym)))
    end
  end
end

Active Model keeps the information about defined attributes, so we can use, for example, the
.attribute_names method to get their names. It’s good enough for simple attributes. However,
for nested attributes, a more sophisticated technique would be required (which is beyond the scope
of this book).
Finally, let’s simplify our controller by delegating parameter filtering to a form object:
class InvitationsController < ApplicationController
  def new
    @invitation_form = InvitationForm.new
  end
  def create
    @invitation_form = InvitationForm.from(
      params.require(:invitation)
    )
    @invitation_form.sender = current_user
    if @invitation_form.save
      redirect_to root_path
    else
      render :new, status: :unprocessable_entity
    end
  end
end

The preceding example demonstrates how form objects can help controllers serve their primary
purpose of routing user requests to business-logic operations without taking too much responsibility.

Form objects – closer to the UI, farther from persistence

The form object abstraction we created mimics an Active Record model and, thus, reduces the
developer’s conceptual overhead—it follows the Rails Way. But form objects allow us to go beyond a
standard controller-model correspondence and deal with more complex scenarios.

A form object is more than a model wrapper
So far, we have only considered using form objects for interactions involving a single model. But the
number of models affected by a user action (such as form submission) could be any whole number N
(yes, including zero), and form objects fully awake when N is not equal to one.

Multi-model forms
Let’s recall the example User model from Chapter 4, Rails Anti-Patterns? (in the Active Record
callbacks go wild section):
class User < ApplicationRecord
  after_create :generate_initial_project, unless: :admin?
  # ...
end

We added a callback to create a project record for a user on creation (or registration). Thus, user
registration is a multi-model operation, which we encapsulated within a User.create call. This
is a perfect candidate for form object extraction, so let’s do that.
We can define our RegistrationForm class as follows:
class RegistrationForm < ApplicationForm
  attribute :name
  attribute :email
  attribute :should_create_project, :boolean
  attribute :project_name
  validates :project_name, presence: true, if: :should_create_project
  attr_reader :user
  after_save :create_initial_project, if: :should_create_project
  private
  def submit!
    @user = User.create!(email:, name:)
  end
  def create_initial_project
    user.projects.create!(name: project_name)

137

138

Handling User Input outside of Models

  end
end

We moved the project creation step into a callback, which is only invoked if a user opts in. Similarly,
we added conditional validation for the project name presence. What about user-related attribute
validation? We can assume that the model itself validates email and name presence:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  validates :email, :name, presence: true
end

One important feature of a form object is that it should handle invalid input gracefully. Right now, if
we try to submit a form without any email or name provided, an exception is raised:
RegistrationForm.new(name: "Test").save
#=> ActiveRecord::RecordInvalid: Validation failed:
  Email can't be blank

One option is to duplicate validations in the form object class. Alternatively, we can delegate validation
to a model instance:
class RegistrationForm < ApplicationForm
  # ...
  validate :user_is_valid
  def initialize(...)
    super
    @user = User.new(email:, name:)
  end
  def user_is_valid
    return if user.valid?
    merge_errors!(user)
  end
end

We override the default constructor to create a user instance immediately upon initialization. Then,
during validation, we check whether the user object is valid and merge its validation errors into a
form object’s errors set otherwise. The #merge_errors! method can be implemented in the
ApplicationForm class:
class ApplicationForm
  # ...
  def merge_errors!
    other.errors.each do |e|

Form objects – closer to the UI, farther from persistence

      errors.add(e.attribute, e.type, message: e.message)
    end
  end
end

Now we can show validation errors to a user:
form = RegistrationForm.new(name: "Test")
form.save #=> false
puts form.errors.full_messages
#=> Email can't be blank

Similarly, we can delegate project attribute validation to the corresponding model. However, we
should never do the opposite: add model-level validations required for a specific form object (and,
thus, a context).
To finish this section, let’s consider a case of an N model form where N is zero.

Model-less forms
There could be user actions unrelated to any model but still requiring input validation and/or
transformation. Form objects proved to be priceless for such use cases.
Let’s consider a feedback form example:

Figure 7.4 – A feedback form UI

139

140

Handling User Input outside of Models

We want to provide feedback functionality, which simply sends an email to the support team. Using
our form object abstraction, we can achieve this with the following code:
class FeedbackForm < ApplicationForm
  attribute :name
  attribute :email
  attribute :message
  validates :name, :email, :message, presence: true
  validates :message, length: {maximum: 160}
  after_commit do
    SystemMailer.feedback(      email, name, message
    ).deliver_later
  end
  def submit! = true
end

Note that we enqueue the delivery from within the after_commit callback and stub the #submit!
method. This way, we guarantee that a mailer background job would be enqueued outside a database
transaction, even if we wrapped the form object execution in a transaction somewhere in the upper layers.
Form objects can be seen as a universal abstraction to represent non-trivial form-like interfaces in
your application (for simple CRUD operations, using models directly is good enough). The main goals
of a form object are to translate user input into an application-level object for propagation to lower
layers (services or domain objects) and to provide meaningful feedback to a user.
These responsibilities are specific to the presentation-layer abstractions, but not every abstraction
requires carrying them both. Sometimes, we just need to react to user-provided data to generate the
desired response.

Filter objects or user-driven query building
If we continue our web development simplification that we started at the beginning of this chapter, we
can say that besides forms and links, we build data tables and lists. For example, a list of repositories
on GitHub or an inbox in a web email client. What do these interfaces have in common? They all
have filtering, sorting, and search controls available to users. Whenever we display a large amount of
homogeneous data to a user, we want to make their life easier and allow narrowing down the scope.
Such user-driven querying requires processing input parameters and applying transformations to
the base dataset based on the values provided. Let’s see how we can implement this in a Ruby on
Rails application.

Filter objects or user-driven query building

Filtering in controllers
Just like before, we start with a pure Rails way of solving this problem. For parameter-based filtering,
that means putting transformation logic right into the controller class.
Let’s consider, for example, a controller responsible for providing a filtered view of projects based on
query params:
class ProjectsController < ApplicationController
  def index
    projects = Project.all.order(sort_params)
    if params[:type_filter].in?(%w[published draft])
      projects.where!(
        status: params[:type_filter]
      )
    end
    if params[:time_filter] == "future"
      projects.where!(started_at: Time.current...)
    end
    projects.where!(
      Project[:name].matches("%#{params[:q]}%")
    ) if params[:q].present?
    render json: projects
  end
end

In the #index action, we take the base scope, Project.all, and depending on the user query,
we add additional conditions to the resulting query. Every condition is built in a different way (we
even use Arel and the arel-helpers gem here).
The sorting logic is extracted into a private method due to its complexity:
def sort_params
  col, ord = params.values_at(:sort_by, :sort_order)
  col = :started_at unless col.in?(%w[id name started_at])
  ord = :desc unless ord.in?(%w[asc desc])
  {col => ord}
end

141

142

Handling User Input outside of Models

In the end, we have more than 20 lines of code (LOC) and half a dozen logical branches here. And
that’s just a single controller’s action. Can you imagine writing tests for this action? And don’t forget
that controller tests are integration tests and, thus, rather slow. Maybe we can move some responsibility
to the model. Let’s see.

Moving filtering to models
One popular technique for dealing with filters is to create an Active Record scope for each filterable
parameter. Here is how it will look for our example:

Model with scopes
class Project < ApplicationRecord
  scope :filter_by_type, -> {
    where(status: _1) if _1.in?(%w[published draft])
  }
  scope :filter_by_time, -> {
    where(started_at: Time.current...) if _1 == "future"
  }
  scope :searched, -> {
    where(arel_table[:name].matches("%#{_1}%")) if
     _1.present?
  }
  scope :sorted, (lambda do |col, ord|
    col = :started_at unless
      col.in?(%w[id name started_at])
    ord = :desc unless ord.in?(%w[asc desc])
    order(col => ord)
  end)
end

We added a scope for each parameter group we accept in a query. Note that we’re using the
where(<condition>) if <validation> pattern. This is an important feature of Active
Record scopes: if a nil value is returned, the scope is skipped. That makes scopes chainable. We rely
on this property to make our controller’s code more readable:
class ProjectsController < ApplicationController
  def index
    projects = Project.all
      .filter_by_type(params[:type_filter])
      .filter_by_time(params[:time_filter])
      .searched(params[:q])

Filter objects or user-driven query building

      .sorted(params[:sort_by], params[:sort_order])
    render json: projects
  end
end

Now the controller’s code looks much better. The filtering functionality looks like a pipeline—a good
visualization of the underlying logic. However, our model’s code is now full of functionality required
for the particular interface. And we clearly have an over-scoping problem (see Chapter 6, Data Layer
Abstractions). Let’s lighten both the model and the controller by extracting filtering-related functionality
into a new object—a filter object.

Extracting filter objects
As the title of this chapter states, our primary goal is to reduce the model’s responsibility. In other
words, we want to extract scopes. But what will we use in the controller if we extract scopes from the
model? We will use a new object, which will encapsulate all the transformations (or scopes) and will
take only the base scope (Project.all) and the user query as its input.
Pattern — filter object
A filter object is an object responsible for transforming a dataset based on the parameters
provided by a user. Filter objects are responsible for sanitizing user input, extracting known
values, providing defaults, and performing the required transformations.
Let’s start with refactoring the ProjectsController class:
class ProjectsController < ApplicationController
  def index
    projects = ProjectsFilter.filter(Project.all, params)
    render json: projects
  end
end

That’s what using a filter object in a controller looks like—a single expression. Such code design
drastically simplifies testing: we only need to test that the controller’s action uses a correct filter, and
there is no need to test all the combinations in controller tests. Here is an example RSpec test:
RSpec.describe ProjectsController, type: :request do
  before do
   allow(ProjectsFilter)
     .to receive(:filter).and_call_original
  end

143

144

Handling User Input outside of Models

  it "uses ProjectsFilter" do
    get "/projects.json"
    expect(response.status).to eq(0)
    expect(ProjectsFilter).to have_received(:filter)
      .with(Project.all,
            an_instance_of(ActionController::Parameters))
  end
end

Let’s move on to the most interesting part—defining a filter object class. As always, you can implement
it in pure Ruby and iterate until you figure out how to form an abstraction out of it. Let me skip this
thought process and propose the final solution. This time, I suggest using a third-party gem—Rubanok.
What a gem — rubanok
Rubanok (https://github.com/palkan/rubanok) is a library that helps to build
parameter-based transformation pipelines. It’s a universal library, meaning that it could be
used for any kind of data (not only Active Record models) and transformation scenarios. The
key feature of Rubanok is its DSL, which allows you to define transformation rules in a very
descriptive manner.
The filter classes built on top of Rubanok’s Processor class look as follows:

ApplicationFilter
class ApplicationFilter < Rubanok::Processor
  class << self
    alias filter call
  end
end

The ApplicationFilter class only adds the .filter alias. We want to use the more descriptive
#filter API instead of the generic .call provided by Rubanok. Now we can create a specific
filter object using the base class:

ProjectsFilter
class ProjectsFilter < ApplicationFilter
  TYPES = %w[draft published].freeze
  SORT_FIELDS = %w[id name started_at].freeze
  SORT_ORDERS = %w[asc desc].freeze

Filter objects or user-driven query building

  map :type_filter do |type_filter:|
    next raw.none unless TYPES.include?(type_filter)
    raw.where(status: type_filter)
  end
  match :time_filter do
    having "future" do
      raw.future
    end
  end
  map :sort_by, :sort_order do |sort_by: "started_at",
    sort_order: "desc"|
    next raw unless SORT_FIELDS.include?(sort_by) &&
       SORT_ORDERS.include?(sort_order)
    raw.order(sort_by => sort_order)
  end
  map :q do |q:|
    raw.where(Project[:name].matches("%#{q}%"))
  end
end

The code looks like pattern matching. Each modification block is activated only when the corresponding
parameters or defaults are present. Despite using a custom DSL, we can use all of Ruby's OOP features:
extract common functionality into modules or use inheritance, to name a couple.
Note that our filter object implementation is a bit stricter than the previous versions: we return .none
if the provided value is incorrect (for the time_filter parameter, Rubanok does it automatically).
Another detail worth mentioning is the usage of the .future scope within the filter object:
match :time_filter do
  having "future" do
    raw.future
  end
end

I intentionally used the scope here to demonstrate that filter objects can reuse atomic scopes already
defined on the model (and used elsewhere).

145

146

Handling User Input outside of Models

We can iterate further and make our abstraction more Rails-ish. For example, we can use a naming
convention to automatically infer a filter object from a model and introduce the ApplicationRecord.
filter method:
class ApplicationRecord < ActiveRecord::Base
  def self.filter_by(params, with: nil)
    filter_class = with ||
      "#{self.name.pluralize}Filter".constantize
    filter_class.filter(self, params)
  end
end
rails_projects = Project.filter_by({q: "Rails"})

We also allow specifying a custom filter class via the with parameter. That would help us to prevent
the attempts to make a single universal filter object per model and encourage us to define filter objects
for each respective filtering interface.

Filter objects versus form objects versus query objects
In conclusion, I’d like to draw the lines between filter objects and other abstractions we have introduced
so far.
Filter objects may be confused with query objects (see Chapter 6, Data Layer Abstractions). Indeed,
they serve a similar purpose: building queries. However, let’s recall that query objects belong to
the domain (or domain services) layer. They operate only with domain objects, while filter objects
consume user input. Filter objects may use query objects, but query objects should never deal with
the presentation layer entities (request parameters, and so on)—they are from the lower architectural
layer (domain or domain services).
Filter objects are close to form objects. However, they differ in two aspects. First, form objects perform
actions and return the status of the execution, while filter objects must return filtered data used to
display the information. Secondly, form objects must provide feedback in case of failure (for example,
invalid input); filter objects can ignore unknown parameters. However, there can be situations when
hybrid objects, both form and filter, are a good fit.
The most crucial similarity between form and filter objects is that they play a role in application security:
both must validate user input and reject malicious content, so the lower layers of the application can
assume that data is correct and safe.

Summary

Summary
In this chapter, you’ve learned about the presentation layer abstractions, form objects, and filter
objects and how they can extract context-specific logic from Active Record models closer to the user
interface. You’ve learned about key features of presentation architectural layer abstractions. Finally,
you’ve practiced using Active Model as a basis for custom Rails abstractions.
In the next chapter, we will finish the topic of reducing Active Record models’ responsibility and talk
about moving view-specific code to the presentation layer.

Questions
1.

Why does a form object abstraction belong to the presentation layer and not the services layer
(or lower)?

2.

Which common tasks does form object abstraction solve?

3.

How do models and form objects relate to each other? Can we create a form object not backed
by a model?

4.

What is the difference between filter objects and form objects?

5.

What is the difference between filter objects and query objects?

Exercise
Consider the invitation and registration scenarios from the UI forms versus models section. We tried
to enhance the model to support both scenarios (the fat models approach). Try moving as much
functionality as possible to controllers (the fat controllers approach). Look at the resulting code and
think of its maintainability properties: readability, testability, and extensibility.

147

8
Pulling Out
the Representation Layer
This chapter finishes the journey of reducing Active Record models’ responsibility by discussing
representation-specific logic, which we sometimes put into our model classes. First, we will consider
view-template-related helpers and how we can extract them into decorating objects or presenters.
Then, we will discuss the concept of serialization in API-only applications and how we can organize
the corresponding logic using serializers.
We will cover the following topics:
• Using presenters to decouple models from views
• Serializers are presenters for your API
The aim of this chapter is to show you how to extract representation-related logic from models to
eliminate the coupling introduced by mixing presentation and domain logic in the same architectural
layer. By doing so, we will keep our code base maintainable.

Technical requirements
In this chapter, and all chapters of this book, the code given in code blocks is designed to be executed
on Ruby 3.2 and Rails 7. Many of the code examples will work on earlier versions of the previously
mentioned software.
You will find the code files on GitHub at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/
Layered-Design-for-Ruby-on-Rails-Applications/tree/main/Chapter08.

150

Pulling Out the Representation Layer

Using presenters to decouple models from views
In Chapter 1, Rails as a Web Application Framework, we discussed the basics of the MVC paradigm
and how Ruby on Rails employs it. Specifically, we mentioned that in Rails, views read from models
to render the UI. This naturally introduces a unidirectional connection between the two layers: views
depend on models.
However, it’s possible to introduce a reverse dependency and make a model aware of (and, thus,
responsible for) a particular UI feature. Such a dependency would violate the core principle of the
layered architecture—not having upward dependencies (views belong to the presentation layer, the
topmost one).
Now, let’s move from theory to practice and consider a couple of examples demonstrating such upward
dependencies. In other words, let’s see how representation logic can leak into the domain layer by
looking at the following User model:

User
class User < ApplicationRecord
  def short_name
    name.squish.split(/\s/).then do |parts|
      parts[0..-2].map { _1[0] + "." }.join + parts.last
    end
  end
end

In the preceding code snippet, we can see a situation very typical for a User model: adding some
name-formatting methods to the class. All that the #short_name method does is turn Ruby
Crystal into R.Crystal, so we can print abbreviated names in views:

Post
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  def status_icon
    "fa-#{draft? ? 'hourglass-start' : 'calendar-check'}"
  end
  def author_name = user&.short_name
end

The Post class goes further and adds a helper method (#status_icon) to control a page’s style by
providing a CSS class. Thus, we’re mixing our design system with a domain model! Can you imagine
that? In Rails, everything is possible, even writing CSS in models.

Using presenters to decouple models from views

Here is an example HTML template using the preceding code:
<div>
  <i class="fa <%= post.status_icon %>"></i>
  <span><%= post.title %><span>
  <span> (by <%= post.author_name %>)</span>
</div>

The preceding methods all serve a single purpose: the representation of data. They don’t add anything to
the domain logic; they’re just helpers used in views. However, even discarding architectural principles,
keeping such code in models contributes to code bloat and churn, increases high coupling, and, thus,
negatively affects maintainability. Let’s see how we can move representation logic out of models.

Leave helpers for libraries
Before we jump into off-Rails abstractions, let’s first consider a built-in Rails one—view helpers.
Rails helpers are Ruby methods, which (mostly) are used by templates and have access to the current
rendering context (for example, instance variables defined in controllers). If you add a new resource
to a Rails application (via a generator), a corresponding helper module is created by default. Rails
assumes that you put some view-related logic for the resource there.
Let’s refactor our examples to use helpers:

UsersHelper
module UsersHelper
  def user_short_name(user)
    user.name.squish.split(/\s/).then do |parts|
      parts[0..-2].map { _1[0] + "." }.join + parts.last
    end
  end
end

PostsHelper
module PostsHelper
  def post_icon(post)
    if post.draft?
      "fa-hourglass-start"
    else
      "calendar-check"
    end

151

152

Pulling Out the Representation Layer

  end
  def post_author(post) = user_short_name(post.user)
end

The actual implementation stayed the same; only the method names changed. We added the user_
and post_ prefixes, respectively. This tiny difference signals an important feature—helpers are global.
Yes, it’s possible to disable the include all helpers behavior via a configuration option (config.
action_controller.include_all_helpers), but that would require specifying every
module explicitly in the controller class.
The problem is that you need to know which partials (and, thus, helpers) are going to be used by
each controller, which is hardly possible when you have a decent amount of deeply nested partials.
There is also no good way to organize helpers. We just have modules and methods, no objects, and
other OOP features. So, the more helpers we have, the harder it becomes to maintain them.
Helpers are great for extracting reusable utility code for views. That’s how Rails itself uses them: form
builders, link_to, and so on. For application-specific view extensions, we can use better abstractions.

Presenters and decorators
Let’s recall that our goal is to extend a domain object for a particular view context. We can say that
we want to create a projection of an object, something that represents a model instance within a view.
This is exactly how the presenter pattern works.

Basic presenters in plain Ruby
A presenter is an object that encapsulates another object (or multiple objects) to provide an interface
(representation) for the view layer. A presenter acts as a bridge between the model and the view layers,
thus increasing loose coupling. A presenter is a semantical pattern specifying the role of such objects.
The actual structural patterns used to define presenters may vary.
Let’s create the simplest possible presenter for a User class object:
class UserPresenter
  private attr_reader :user
  def initialize(user) = @user = user
  def short_name
    # The same code as in the examples above
  end
end

Using presenters to decouple models from views

Now, whenever we want to represent a user in a view, we can use its presenter:
<div id="user-<%= user.id %>">
  <%= link_to UserPresenter.new(user).short_name, user %>
</div>

In the preceding example, we used both a raw model instance and its presenter. That’s because we
may need to access some domain-level information (for example, IDs) and make it possible to use
presenters with Rails helpers (so #link_to will generate a correct URL).
We can avoid mixing objects by adding delegation to our presenter class:
class UserPresenter
  delegate :id, :to_model, to: :user
  # ...
end

Now, in the view, we can only rely on the presenter object:
<%- user = UserPresenter.new(user) -%>
<div id="user-<%= user.id %>">
  <%= link_to user.short_name, user %>
</div>

This is a basic example of a closed presenter: it exposes only a subset of a model’s interface (via
delegation) to the view layer and hides the implementation details. Closed presenters are better from
a layer isolation point of view but they increase the development effort.
First, we need to keep track of methods to delegate, and that can be tricky if the rendering tree (made
of templates and partials) is complex. Second, we must expose utility methods, which are not actual
parts of the representation logic, to make presenters work great with built-in helpers (like we did with
the #to_model method).
To improve developer ergonomics, we can use open presenters by using the decorator pattern.

Presenting decorators
Although the decorator pattern is not view-specific, it could be used as a basis for presenters.
A decorator wraps a given object and adds new behavior to it dynamically without affecting other
instances of a given class or creating new classes. The decorated object’s interface is a superset of the
original interface; the methods not explicitly defined by the decorator are delegated to the wrapped
object. Thus, decorators could be stacked to add multiple behaviors without breaking the original
object’s interface.

153

154

Pulling Out the Representation Layer

Decorators are used to extend an object’s behavior for a particular context. It shouldn’t necessarily be
a view context; decorators can be useful in every architecture layer. However, in the Rails community,
the word decorator is usually used to describe presenting decorators or presenters acting as decorators.
In Ruby, we have a built-in mechanism to create decorators—SimpleDelegator:
class UserPresenter < SimpleDelegator
  def short_name
    name.squish.split(/\s/).then do |parts|
      parts[0..-2].map { _1[0] + "." }.join + parts.last
    end
  end
end

We inherit from the SimpleDelegator class to delegate (or proxy) all methods to the underlying
object. Now we can use our presenter interchangeably with a model instance (thus, our representation
follows the Liskov substitution principle—the L in SOLID). And we don’t need to specify methods
to expose manually.

Open or closed presenters – which to choose?
The open/closed presenter terminology is not common (if it existed before this book). However, in the
author’s opinion, it communicates the difference between the two most common types of presenters
very well: open presenters allow method calls to pass through and reach the target object, while closed
presenters do not. The terminology shouldn’t be confused with OOP’s open/closed principle (although
open presenters could be seen as a demonstration of this principle).
Whether to use closed or open presenters is up to you. If you follow the Rails way, it can be reasonable
to start with decorating presenters, so you can gradually extract presentation logic from models. For
new UI logic, it makes sense to use stricter closed presenters. Yes, it’s okay to mix presenter types
while you’re in the process of adopting the pattern and growing a new abstraction layer on top of it.
Irrespective of the presenter type you choose, you benefit from the significant advantage of keeping
representation logic outside of models: this logic knows about the context it is used within.
Models and helpers have no knowledge of the context in which they’re being used; if there are multiple
different contexts, we must differentiate between methods by using composed names (for example,
Post#admin_status_icon or #report_user_short_name). With presenters, we can
have multiple projections by creating different classes—that’s it!
So far, we’ve considered only single-model presenters. However, this pattern is not limited to dealing with
a single object representation. Let’s see how we can use presenters to project multiple entities at once.

Using presenters to decouple models from views

Multi-model presenters, page objects, facades, or…
The concept of the presenter can be easily applied to multiple objects at once. Presenters should be
extracted according to UI needs (since they belong to the presentation layer). And sometimes, we have
complex interfaces involving multiple objects. Common use cases for such presenters are dashboards,
various reports, and similar pages.
Let’s consider an example—a page containing information about the books read by a user:

Figure 8.1 – User’s books interface

For each book, we show user-specific information: the date when the user read the book, how the
user rated the book, and so on. The representation of a book pulls the information from two models:
Book and BookRead. The following is the models’ code, simplified:

Book
class Book < ApplicationRecord
  has_many :book_reads
end

BookRead
class BookRead < ApplicationRecord
  belongs_to :user
  belongs_to :book
  def read? = !!read_at
end

155

156

Pulling Out the Representation Layer

User
class User < ApplicationRecord
  has_many :book_reads
end

Then, to represent a book in the context of a particular user, we can write a User::BookPresenter
class, as follows:
class BookPresenter < SimpleDelegator
  # some common book representation logic
end
class User::BookPresenter < BookPresenter
  private attr_reader :book_read
  delegate :read?, :read_at, :score, to: :book_read
  def initialize(book, book_read)
    super(book)
    @book_read = book_read
  end
  def progress_icon
    read? ? "fa-circle-check" : "fa-clock"
  end
  def score_class
    case score
    when 0..2 then "text-red-600"
    when 3...4 then "text-yellow-600"
    when 4... then "text-green-600"
    end
  end
end

We inherit our presenter from the base BookPresenter class. This way, we leverage the benefits of
object-oriented presenters (compared to view helpers). We also delegate some methods to the BookRead
object and add a couple of UI-specific methods—#progress_icon and #score_class.
Now, we can use our presenter in the view template (styling is omitted):
<% user.book_reads.preload(:book).each do |book_read| %>
  <%- book = User::BookPresenter.new(book_read.book, book_read) %>
  <div id="book-#{book.id}">
    <h1>
       <%= book.title %>

Using presenters to decouple models from views

       <i class="fa <%= book.progress_icon %>"></i>
     </h1>
     <%- if book.read? %>
       <div>
          <span>Read at: <%= l(book.read_at) %></span>
          <span class="<%= book.score_class %>">
            <%= book.score %> / 5
          </span>
       </div>
     <% end %>
    </div
  </div>
<% end %>

Technically, we could avoid using a multi-model presenter and create a BookReadPresenter
class instead. The problem with this approach is that the presenter becomes vaguely connected to the
interface: we display books, not virtual reads. Also, we cannot use inheritance anymore.
The idea of multi-object presenters can be found in technical literature under different names, such
as page objects or facades. Usually, more specialized naming is a result of additional constraints
and conventions on top of the presenter pattern. This brings the pattern one step closer to becoming
an abstraction.

Presenters as an abstraction layer
Let’s talk about how we can turn the presenter pattern into a full-featured abstraction layer. Which
conventions do we introduce? What are the common tasks to be solved by a good abstraction?

Naming conventions and code organization
As always, in Rails, we can employ a naming convention to both communicate the role of an object
and reduce boilerplate in the source code.
In the preceding examples, we already used the Presenter suffix for presenter classes. This is a
common Rails naming pattern, and it brings the following benefits right away:
• We can automatically infer presenter classes from model entities ("#{self.class.name}
Presenter".constantize).
• We naturally get an answer to the question Where do we keep presenters? —app/presenters!
(Or even app/views/presenters; see Chapter 11, Better Abstractions for HTML Views.)

157

158

Pulling Out the Representation Layer

• One common way to leverage the naming convention for presenters is by creating a universal
helper method to convert objects into their representations. For example, we can create a
#present helper:
module ApplicationHelper
  def present(obj, with: nil)
    presenter_class = with ||
      "#{obj.class.name}Presenter".constantize
    presenter_class.new(obj)
  end
end

Note that we allow specifying a presenter class explicitly—that will help us to use different presenters
for the same class.
Now, we can update our template to use the helper:
<%- user = present(user) -%>
<div id="user-<%= user.id %>">
  <%= link_to user.short_name, user %>
</div>

Our #present helper provides just basic functionality. In a real-world application, you may want
to make it smarter. You can add a cache to avoid allocating new presenters to the same objects (for
example, when you render templates in a loop).
Another useful modification would be making the #present helper namespace-aware,
that is, preserve the controller namespace (for example, use Admin::UserPresenter
in Admin::WhateverController).
Another option is to pick an existing library to manage the presenters layer in the application. Let’s
consider, for example, the keynote gem.
What a gem — keynote
Keynote (https://github.com/rf-/keynote) is a library that provides a consistent
interface to define presenters and use them in the application (via helpers). It also comes
with test helpers so that you can test presenters in isolation. Presenters created with Keynote
are closed presenters by design. A distinctive feature of this gem is the built-in caching
mechanism, which allows reusing presenters for the same object (that is, present(obj).
equal?(present(obj)) is true).

Using presenters to decouple models from views

Let’s rewrite our original example using Keynote:

PostPresenter
class PostPresenter < Keynote::Presentor
  presents :post
  def status_icon
    if post.draft?
      "fa-hourglass-start"
    else
      "fa-calendar-check"
    end
  end
end

UserPresenter
class UserPresenter < Keynote::Presenter
  presents :user
  def short_name
     user.name ...
     # The same code as before
  end
end

In views, we use the #k helper to get a presenter for an object:
<div>
  <i class="fa <%= k(post).status_icon %>"></i>
  <span><%= post.title %><span>
  <span> (by <%= k(post.user).short_name %>)</span>
</div>

Note that unlike in previous examples, we do not instantiate a presenter beforehand but do that right
when we need to use it. So, we call #k multiple times, and we can do that for the same object: Keynote’s
caching mechanism will create and reuse only a single presenter object.
Using a shortcut method to initialize presenters in views has one more advantage: we can pass additional
context to the presenter object implicitly. For example, we can make the current view context (and,
thus, view helpers) accessible from a presenter.

159

160

Pulling Out the Representation Layer

View helpers in presenters
In the preceding example template, we have the logic of rendering an icon spread across two files, the
HTML template and the presenter. What if we could keep this logic in one place?
One option is to add conditionals to the template and render different icons depending on the value
of post.draft?. That would increase the template complexity. In general, we should tend to
minimize logical branches in HTML templates to improve readability. And that’s where presenters
are especially helpful.
With Keynote, each presenter has access to the view context and view helpers. That is, we can generate
HTML programmatically using Rails helpers in presenters.
Let’s upgrade our PostPresenter class to become responsible for the whole icon rendering:
class PostPresenter < Keynote::Presenter
  presents :post
  def status_icon
    icon = post.draft? ?  "hourglass-start" : "clock"
    content_tag(:i, nil, class: "fa fa-#{icon}")
  end
end

And now, in the template, we can render the result of the presenter’s method call:
<div>
  <%= k(post).status_icon %>
  <span><%= post.title %><span>
</div>

Beware of playing too much of the HTML-in-presenter game. A presenter should act as a template
helper, not a substitute. A presenting object is still connected to the underlying domain object; it’s not
an abstraction for organizing templates (for that, we have view components; see Chapter 11, Better
Abstractions for HTML Views).

Avoid leaking presenters
Presenters belong to the presentation layer. Thus, we shouldn’t let them escape to lower layers. That
means you shouldn’t replace real objects with their representations too early. You should be especially
careful with decorators since it may be tempting to decorate an object right after its instantiation in
a controller.
Consider the following example:
class PostController < ApplicationController
  before_action :set_post, only: [:show]

Serializers are presenters for your API

   def show
     Analytics.track_event("post.viewed", @post)
   end
   private
   def set_post = @post = present(Post.find(params[:id]))
end

We track post views by invoking the Analytics module—it belongs to the services (or, maybe,
infrastructure) layer. However, by decorating the Post object in the #set_post method (via the
#present helper), we introduce a leakage: the decorator from the presentation layer is passed to
the lower layer.
Although the decorator behaves like the original object, it’s a different one. For instance, if the
Analytics service uses the object class to generate an event’s metadata, it would be corrupted:
module Analytics
  def self.track_event(name, obj)
    puts("event=#{name} id=#{obj.id} class=#{obj.class}")
  end
end
get "/posts/1"
event=post.viewed id=1 class=PostPresenter

Thus, it’s better to create representations right within views or pass them as explicit rendering arguments
(via template locals).
Let’s stop discussing HTML views for a moment (we will continue to talk about them in Chapter 11,
Better Abstractions for HTML Views) and talk about the presentation layer in API-only applications.

Serializers are presenters for your API
Ruby on Rails is popular for both HTML-first and API-first applications. So far in this chapter, we’ve
only considered HTML-driven applications, with templates, view helpers, and so on—all the frontend
things. What about pure backend Rails applications? Is there a representation layer? Sure, there is.
Although API-only Rails applications delegate most of the browser-related work to frontend frameworks,
it’s still the responsibility of the application’s presentation layer to prepare responses to HTTP requests.
In most cases, we deal with JSON responses. So, let’s discuss how we can turn our application’s data
into JSON strings and how the presenter pattern could be used here, too.

161

162

Pulling Out the Representation Layer

From model to JSON
In Rails, there are a couple of built-in options for generating JSON responses. Let’s first discuss them.

Using #as_json
Rails makes it dead simple to respond with JSON from controllers. All you need to do is to call the
#render method with the json option:
class PostsController < ApplicationController
  def show
    post = Post.find(params[:id])
    render json: post
  end
end

That’s it! Rails will automatically turn your model object into a hash first and into a JSON afterward:
get "/posts/1"
{"id":1,"title":"Serialize all the things","user_id":1,
"draft":true,"created_at":"…","updated_at":"…"}

However, the default behavior is to include all model attributes in the resulting hash. Chances are
low that you want to expose all the model fields to the client application (imagine rendering a User
record with password hashes and salts).
We can modify this logic by overriding the #as_json method:
class Post < ApplicationRecord
  belongs_to :user
  def as_json(options)
    super({
      only: [:id, :title, :draft],
      include: {user: {only: [:id, :name]}}
    }.merge(options))
  end
end

With #as_json, we can specify which attributes to include and can even include associations:
get "/posts/1"
{"id":1,"title":"Serialize all the
things","draft":true,"user":{"id":1,"name":"J Son"}}

Serializers are presenters for your API

Note that we used the super({…}.merge(options)) expression in #as_json. This will allow
us to pass custom configuration, if necessary, as in the following example:
def show
  post = Post.find(params[:id])
  render json: post.as_json({only: [:id]})
end

Although we reached some flexibility, our JSON is still highly coupled with the model. In theory, it’s
possible to rename fields or add virtual ones, but that would make the resulting code quite complex.
No worries, Rails has you covered—we can use templates to render JSON!

Templatifying JSON via Jbuilder
The Rails way of dealing with non-trivial JSON schemas is using a custom template engine called
Jbuilder (https://github.com/rails/jbuilder). Jbuilder is a template engine (like
ERB, Haml, or Slim). Hence, all the problems discussed in the first part of this chapter could apply
to Jbuilder as well.
And yes, we can use presenters to isolate representation logic, too. But then the question arises: does it
make sense to keep JSON representation logic in two abstractions, presenters and templates? The answer
is no. Templates would be redundant; we can cover all the JSON representation needs with presenters.

Serializers as API presenters
In the Ruby world, presenters used to generate JSON responses are usually called serializers, thus
communicating that their purpose is to serialize domain objects to JSON format.
Strictly speaking, serialization is the process of converting an object into some transferrable form (for
example, into a JSON string), which can be used to restore the object. When we serialize a Ruby object
to JSON sent to a client application, we transfer the representation requested by the client application.
We never transfer original objects. Thus, serializers are just specialized presenters.

Plain Ruby serializer
We can turn any presenter from the first part of the chapter into a serializer by simply defining the
#as_json method. Take the following example:

UserSerializer
class UserPresenter < SimpleDelegator
  def short_name
    # ...
  end

163

164

Pulling Out the Representation Layer

  def as_json(...)
    {id:, short_name:}
  end
end

PostSerializer
class PostPresenter < SimpleDelegator
  def as_json(...)
    {
      id:, title:,
      is_draft: draft?,
      user: UserPresenter.new(user)
    }
  end
end

The approach is straightforward: define helper methods when necessary and build a resulting hash
manually. With the Ruby 3.1 hash shorthand syntax, the resulting code even looks readable enough.
But we can do better if we treat serializers as a specific abstraction to render JSON responses.

Serializer as an abstraction
Defining the #as_json method by hand is far from being developer-friendly. We can avoid this
routine by introducing some configuration methods or DSL. Let’s consider a particular library for
defining serializers—Alba.
What a gem — alba
The alba gem (https://github.com/okuramasafumi/alba) is a performant
JSON serializing library for Ruby (not only Rails) applications. It provides a convenient and
powerful DSL for defining serializer objects with support for nested attributes and associations.
The main purpose of the serializer is to declare which fields to include in the resulting JSON. The
most intuitive way of doing this is to specify them as a list. Using Alba, the serializer definition will
look as follows:
class PostSerializer < ApplicationSerializer
  attributes :id, :title
  attribute :is_draft, &:draft?
end

Serializers are presenters for your API

Delegating attributes to an underlying object could be configured via a single expression. Renaming
is also plain and clear. Let’s add an association:
class PostSerializer < ApplicationSerializer
  # …
  one :user
end

Just one line to include a serialized user to the post’s JSON representation. Without any options, the
UserSerializer class will be used. This is possible with the help of some extensions we defined
in the base class:
class ApplicationSerializer
  include Alba::Resource
  class << self
    def one(name, **options)
      options[:resource] ||= proc {
        "#{_1.class.name}Serializer".constantize
      }
      super(name, **options)
    end
  end
end

We provide the default resource class as a Proc instance, which infers a serializer class from a given
object class name. Using Proc intstances is required to make code reload work in development (so
that the latest version of a serializer class is used every time).
Since Alba is not a Rails-specific library, some tuning is required. We also deviate from Alba’s terminology
and use Serializer instead of Resource as a class name suffix. This is how we form an abstraction layer
for our Rails application and don't simply use a library.
In the controller, we also use a custom helper to look up a serializer class:
class PostsController < ApplicationController
  def index
    render json: serialize(Post.all)
  end
end

The #serialize helper is defined as follows:
class ApplicationController
  private
  def serialize(obj, with: nil)

165

166

Pulling Out the Representation Layer

    serializer = with || begin
      model = obj.try(:model) || obj.class
      "#{model.name}Serializer".constantize
    end
    serializer.new(obj)
  end
end

Using a custom base class and a helper to infer serializers (such as ApplicationSerializer and
#serialize from the previous snippets) makes our serializers less coupled with the implementation.
It also helps us to turn serializers into first-class application citizens and form a full-featured abstraction
layer out of them.

Summary
In this chapter, you learned about the presenter pattern and how it can be used to move representation
logic closer to views. You now understand the drawbacks of keeping presentation logic in models and
the downsides of using view helpers. You learned about open and closed presenters, as well as about
the general decorator pattern.
You familiarized yourself with the common practices and conventions used to form/shape an abstraction
layer from presenters. You’ve learned about representation patterns used in API applications, such as
serializers, and how they’re common to presenters.
This chapter finishes the topic of reducing models’ responsibility. In the next chapter, we will talk about
one of the vital security concerns and the corresponding abstractions—authorization.

Questions
1.

What are the pros and cons of moving presentation logic from models to helpers?

2.

What is the difference between a closed presenter and an open presenter (or decorator)?

3.

Can presenters be used to generate HTML for views?

4.

What is the leaking decorator problem?

5.

What is the difference between serializers and presenters?

6.

How do Rails serializers relate to the concept of serialization?

Further reading
Polished Ruby Programming (Chapter 2, Designing Useful Common Classes): https://www.
packtpub.com/product/polished-ruby-programming/9781801072724

Part 3:
Essential Layers
for Rails Applications

In this part, we will discuss the most common abstraction layers that can help to keep your Rails code
base maintainable and your team productive.
This part has the following chapters:
• Chapter 9, Authorization Models and Layers
• Chapter 10, Crafting the Notifications Layer
• Chapter 11, Better Abstractions for HTML Views
• Chapter 12, Configuration as a First-Class Application Citizen
• Chapter 13, Cross-Layers and Off-Layers

9
Authorization
Models and Layers
Authorization is a crucial security aspect and, thus, it’s important for any web application. This chapter
explores the concept of authorization in Ruby on Rails applications. First, we will discuss the role and
place of authorization in an application’s security.
Then, we’ll introduce the two fundamental concepts of authorization: the authorization model and
the authorization layer. Finally, we’ll discuss the problem of authorization enforcement and how it
relates to an application’s performance.
This chapter touches on an important topic of application security. The robustness of its implementation
is doubly important. Every user action must be authorized, and every input verified. You can achieve
such a level of robustness by designing proper abstractions in your application. This is exactly what
we will try to accomplish in this chapter.
We will cover the following topics:
• Authorization, authentication, and friends
• Authorization models
• Authorization enforcement, or the need for authorization abstractions
• The performance implications of authorization
The goal of this chapter is to learn how authorization can be integrated into a Rails web application
according to the layered architecture principles.

170

Authorization Models and Layers

Technical requirements
In this chapter, and all chapters of this book, the code given in code blocks is designed to be
executed on Ruby 3.2 and Rails 7. Many of the code examples will work on earlier versions of the
aforementioned software.
You will find the code files on GitHub at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/
Layered-Design-for-Ruby-on-Rails-Applications/tree/main/Chapter09.

Authorization, authentication, and friends
The security of a web application is a vast topic. Although (web) frameworks often offer built-in
security measures to overcome some common vulnerabilities such as XSS attacks and SQL injections,
various other aspects of web application security are the responsibility of engineers building on top
of the framework. In this book, we focus on the latter group.
Let’s begin by differentiating between the two most popular and commonly confused concepts:
authorization and authentication.

Authentication versus authorization
The meaning of life of every web application is to serve user requests (note that a user is not necessarily
a human), and, in most cases, we restrict which requests are available to a particular user and which
must be forbidden. The underlying decision-making process could be divided into two phases, which
can be represented by the following questions:
• Who’s there?: Or, on behalf of which domain entity (User, Account, or Customer) is this request
made? This is known as identification. Usually, we also verify that provided information is
valid—that is, the user is who they say they are. For instance, we can ask for a password. This
is known as verification. But we don’t ask for a password on every request, right?
As soon as we have identified and verified a user, we issue some kind of token to use for
subsequent requests to transparently identify and verify the current user. This is known as
authentication, technically speaking. However, the term authentication is commonly used to
describe all three: identification, verification, and authentication.
• Am I allowed to do that?: This question assumes that we already have I, an acting subject, and
we know which action this subject wants to perform. Depending on the subject, the action,
and—in most cases—the action’s target object, we respond to the question with yes or no. This
is known as authorization.
We can say that the responsibility of authentication is to enrich the execution context with the current
actor (verified), while the responsibility of authorization is to ensure that the actor has enough
permissions to execute the request. In some sense, authorization validates the execution context.

Authorization, authentication, and friends

Let’s look at an example controller action—deleting a post:
class PostsController < ApplicationController
  before_action :authenticate! # authentication
  def destroy
    post = Post.find(params[:id])
    if post.user_id == current_user.id # authorization
      # context has been validated,
      # feel free to perform the action
      post.destroy
      redirect_to posts_path, notice: "Post has been
       deleted"
    else
      redirect_to posts_path, alert: "You are not allowed
        to delete this post"
    end
  end
end

We have two guard clauses in the code, and we can easily recognize authentication and authorization
in them by asking the right questions.
Both authorization and authentication protect the application at the presentation level (since both
require the current actor). For regular HTTP requests, both are performed within the controller
abstraction layer—as early as possible.
To see a better picture of Rails applications security, we must also mention similar concepts from the
lower architecture layers.

Lines of defense for a web application
Let me first make a statement: each architectural (or abstraction) layer of an application must be
secured. Even though we said that authorization validates the context, we shouldn’t be careless down the
execution path. We still have a lot of things to be careful about: user input, data consistency, and so on.
In the services layer, we can verify system constraints. System constraints describe which business
operations can be performed independently of the current actor. Thus, we exclude the user element
from the authorization triple of user-action-target .
Here are some examples of system constraints:
• An organization with a Free tier may only have one project
• A user can generate only 100 images per day
• The system is not allowed to publish chat messages with links to websites from the blocklist

171

172

Authorization Models and Layers

Note that even in the second example, we talk about a user; we still call this rule a system constraint
because it doesn’t depend on user permissions but on the feature limits. Moderation (the third example)
is another common use case for system constraints.
Finally, at the domain level, we verify data consistency through validations (see Chapter 2, Active
Models and Records).
The process is illustrated in the following diagram:

Figure 9.1 – Lines of defense in a web application

From the layered architecture point of view, it’s important to keep each kind of protection (authentication,
authorization, system constraints, and validations) in a single layer. That is, performing authorization
sometimes in a controller and sometimes in a service object should be considered a design smell. Why? By
requiring (and allowing) each kind of protection only within a particular layer, we guarantee consistency.
Also, we make it easier to reason about arguments and the context at the lower level. For example,
if a service object was called with a user and some record as input, we can freely assume that the
corresponding action has been verified, and we don’t need to double-check permissions.
In this chapter, we focus only on authorization, though similar ideas (to the ones described shortly)
can be applied to other security concerns (for example, system constraints).

Authorization models
Although the act of authorization happens in the presentation layer, its roots lie much deeper—in
the domain layer. To answer the question Am I allowed to…?, we usually rely on some properties of
the domain objects. Thus, we rely on the domain model. The subset of the domain model responsible
for authorization logic is called the authorization model. Let’s do a quick overview of common
authorization models.

Authorization models

Domain-less authorization models
Technically, to perform authorization, we mustn’t have a dedicated model. For example, if you build
an application in which a user can only work with their own data (for example, personal notes
management), there is no need to introduce roles, permissions, and so on.
All you need is to verify that a target object belongs to the current user. We did this in the previous
example, reproduced here:
class PostsController < ApplicationController
  def destroy
    post = Post.find(params[:id])
    if post.user_id == current_user.id
      post.destroy
      redirect_to posts_path
    else
      redirect_to posts_path, alert: "Forbidden"
    end
  end
end

This is a very basic authorization scenario. We may also have special admin users in the application,
and to differentiate between regular and admin users, we need to enhance our model. For example,
we can add the User#is_admin attribute—and an authorization model is born!
Although there are no formal restrictions on how to implement an authorization model, in most cases,
developers tend to pick one of the classic ones.

Classic authorization models
Formal authorization models describe relationships between subjects and objects, which can be used
to perform access checks. That’s why they are usually called some kind of access control, and there are
plenty of abbreviations such as DAC, MAC, RBAC, and so on.
Let’s decipher some of them!
Note
We will use the User model as the authorization subject in the rest of the chapter for simplicity.

173

174

Authorization Models and Layers

Role-based access control (RBAC)
Role-based access implies that each user has a role or multiple roles. Roles give users privileges to perform
specific operations on different domain entities (or resources), as depicted in the following diagram:

Figure 9.2 – RBAC diagram

There are multiple ways to introduce roles into the application’s domain model, as follows:
• Roles can be static (a fixed set) or dynamic (created by users)
• Roles can be backed by a model or just an attribute in the User model
Let’s consider, for example, a library application using RBAC. We have three types (and, thus, roles)
of users: administrators, librarians, and regular users.
We can add the User#role attribute to represent roles:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  enum :role, regular: "regular", admin: "admin",
     librarian: "librarian"
end

We declared the possible role value using the .enum feature of Active Record. This feature also
generates useful helper methods, such as #admin? and #librarian? predicates.
We can now use them in a controller to perform authorization:
class BooksController < ApplicationController
  before_action :require_access, only: [:new, :create,
    :edit, :update, :destroy]
  private
  def require_access
    return if current_user.librarian? ||
      current_user.admin?
    redirect_to books_path, alert: "No access"
  end
end

Authorization models

The authorization check is a simple logical expression. However, this simplicity vanishes as our
authorization logic evolves. With every new role added, we need to update a lot of places in the code
to take this new role into account. We can avoid this by denormalizing roles into permissions.

Roles as permission sets
As we stated in the RBAC definition, roles define sets of privileges or permissions for users. Thus,
permissions always exist in a role-based authorization model, even if we don’t define them explicitly
in the code. For example, in our library application example, we may have the following permissions:
Role/Permission

Regular

Librarian

Administrator

Browse catalog

X

X

x

Borrow books

X

X

x

X

x

Manage books
Manage librarians

x

Permissions communicate business logic concerns, not design or implementation details. That’s why,
for example, we have identical (in terms of inclusion into roles) permissions—Browse catalog and
Borrow books. These permissions represent two independent (though related) user actions; they can
diverge in the future.
By introducing permissions into authorization-related code, we can simplify logical expressions in
access checks:
class BooksController < ApplicationController
  # ...
  private
  def require_access
    return unless current_user.permission?(:manage_books)
    redirect_to books_path, alert: "No access"
  end
end

We only allow the action if a user has the required permission; our controller’s code no longer depends
on actual roles. Here is a straightforward implementation of the User#permission? method:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  enum :role, regular: "regular", admin: "admin",
     librarian: "librarian"
  REGULAR_PERMISSIONS = %i[
   browse_catalogue borrow_books
  ].freeze

175

176

Authorization Models and Layers

  LIBRARIAN_PERMISSIONS = (
   REGULAR_PERMISSIONS + %i[manage_books]
  ).freeze
  ADMIN_PERMISSIONS = (
   LIBRARIAN_PERMISSIONS + %i[manage_librarians]
  ).freeze
  PERMISSIONS = {
    regular: REGULAR_PERMISSIONS,
    librarian: LIBRARIAN_PERMISSIONS,
    admin: ADMIN_PERMISSIONS
  }.freeze
  def permission?(name) =
   PERMISSIONS.fetch(role.to_sym)
              .include?(name)
end

Careful readers would have probably noticed that authorization-related logic flooded the model class,
and that’s not what we aim for in this book. We can refactor this code by introducing a role value
object (see Chapter 2, Active Models and Records), for example. I will leave this exercise to the reader.

Too many roles
A typical RBAC model problem is role explosion. This is a situation when a new action requires
specific permissions that can’t be covered by existing roles. So, we create a new one, and again and
again. To break this cycle, we can upgrade to a more flexible access control model.

Attribute-based access control (ABAC)
The ABAC model can be seen as a generalization of RBAC. With RBAC, we only take into account
roles, while with ABAC, any attributes of objects and subjects can be used to define the set of permitted
actions. In addition, the authorization environment or context can also play a role in making an access
decision, as depicted in the following diagram:

Figure 9.3 – ABAC diagram

Authorization models

To demonstrate ABAC in action, let’s enhance our library example and add another authorization
constraint: librarians can only delete books from the departments they belong to. For simplicity, let’s
use enums again to add departments:

User model
class User < ApplicationRecord
  enum :dept, fic: "fic", nonfic: "nonfic",
              ref: "ref"
end

Book model
class Book < ApplicationRecord
  enum :dept, fic: "fic", nonfic: "nonfic",
              ref: "ref"
end

Now, in the controller, we also need to check for matching departments for librarians in addition to
the permission check:
class BooksController < ApplicationController
  def destroy
    book = Book.find(params[:id])
    if current_user.permission?(:manage_all_books) || (
      current_user.permission?(:manage_books) &&
      book.dept == current_user.dept
    )
      book.destroy!
      redirect_to books_path, notice: "Removed"
    else
      redirect_to books_path, alert: "No access"
    end
  end
end

Note that we also added a new permission, :manage_all_books. It’s a new permission for
admins since they may manage all the books in the library. Could we use the current_user.
admin? check? Technically, yes—the result would be the same. But mixing roles and permissions
when performing authorization checks eliminates the pros of denormalization.

177

178

Authorization Models and Layers

The flexibility of the ABAC model is limited only by the expressiveness of the language we use to
define authorization rules—that is, the rules and the corresponding code can be as sophisticated as
we can imagine. Keeping access rules logic in an inbound layer (such as controllers) quickly leads to
duplication and overall higher complexity of both the application and test code.
Let’s discuss how we can separate authorization rules from authorization enforcement and why we
must do that.

Authorization enforcement, or the need for authorization
abstractions
From the layered architecture point of view, defining authorization rules right in the presentation
layer doesn’t seem right. Authorization rules must describe your business logic.
They do not and should not depend on the delivery mechanism (HTML, APIs, WebSockets, and
so on) and, thus, can be used by different presentation-layer abstractions (or different inbound
abstraction layers). Only authorization enforcement, the act of performing authorization, must stay
in the presentation layer, and the enforcement must rely on the rules defined lower in the architecture
stack. How much lower?
Putting authorization rules into models can look attractive. For each model, we can define a method
encapsulating authorization rules (say, Post#can?(user, action)) and use it in controllers.
This approach has at least two problems. First, as always with models, such methods are not contextaware; we should either add separate, context-specific methods or try to add modifying parameters,
thus increasing the complexity of the #can? method.
Secondly, authorization rules are not part of the domain layer. Domain objects do not need authorization;
they live in the authorized context. By moving authorization rules up (say, to the services layer), we
disallow authorization checks in the domain layer by design.
Thus, we need a new abstraction at the services layer. If we look up the ABAC article on Wikipedia
(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attribute-based_access_control), we
can find that it is also referred to as policy-based access control (PBAC). That’s because, typically,
authorization rules are described as policies. Unsurprisingly, there is a design pattern with a similar
name that we can utilize for authorization purposes.

Extracting policy objects
Policy objects are not specific to authorization and even security features; they can be used for any
business rules in your application. When it comes to authorization, a single policy object usually
corresponds to a single resource in your application. In most cases, a resource is a domain model entity.

Authorization enforcement, or the need for authorization abstractions

Pattern – policy object
A policy object encapsulates a business rule or a set of related business rules describing which
operations can be performed or not within a given context. Its main purposes are hiding the
implementation details (usually, a bunch of ifs and elses) and reducing duplication. A policy
object public interface usually contains one or a few predicate methods—that is, methods
returning true or false.
In our library application example, we have a Book resource (and the corresponding model). Thus,
we can create a BookPolicy class to encapsulate authorization rules related to the Book model.
Let’s do that using plain Ruby:
class BookPolicy
  attr_reader :user, :book
  def initialize(user, book)
    @user, @book = user, book
  end
  def destroy?
    user.permission?(:manage_all_books) || (
      user.permission?(:manage_books) &&
      book.dept == user.dept
    )
  end
end

We moved our expression to check the permissions to delete a book into the #destroy? predicate
method. We also made a book instance a part of the policy object’s state along with a user object.
Thus, each policy object is associated with a particular resource entity and the current authorization
context (user). Alternatively, we might make a policy object independent of a resource instance and
pass it as an argument to predicate methods, like so:
def destroy?(book)
  # …
end

This approach makes sense if you need to perform authorization against many resources during a
single unit of work, so you can avoid the overhead of creating many policy objects. In practice, such
a situation is not common.
Usually, we authorize a single resource, and making it a part of the policy object’s state can be beneficial
in terms of code readability (no need to propagate parameters to internal methods).

179

180

Authorization Models and Layers

Let’s see how we can use our newly created policy object in the controller:
class BooksController < ApplicationController
  def destroy
    book = Book.find(params[:id])
    if BookPolicy.new(current_user, book).destroy?
      book.destroy!
      redirect_to books_path, notice: "Removed"
    else
      redirect_to books_path, alert: "No access"
    end
  end
end

The controller’s code has now become more readable. We can clearly see the phases of the action’s
execution: look up a target record, perform authorization, and execute the operation. The controller looks
like an actual controller orchestrating data flow. The actual logic is delegated to lower abstraction layers.
Even adding such a simple policy object is beneficial from a maintainability perspective. We not only
improved readability but we also made it possible to reuse the code responsible for authorization. Let’s
see what we can achieve by building an authorization policy object abstraction layer.

Shaping an abstraction layer for authorization
Technically, authorization spreads across multiple architecture layers: policy objects (services),
enforcement points, and view filtering (presentation). Thus, the primary goal of policy abstraction is
to provide seamless integration with the presentation layer. Here, seamless means that authorization
should act as a pluggable concept for inbound layers, not be highly coupled with the host code.
Let’s see what such abstraction can look like by using the Action Policy library as an example.
What a gem – action_policy
Action Policy (https://github.com/palkan/action_policy) is an authorization
framework for Ruby and Rails applications that uses policy objects to define authorization rules.
The framework focuses on performance, scalability, and developer experience (via enhanced
debugging and testing support).
Action Policy provides a standardized interface for policy classes and comes with extensions (Ruby
modules) to inject authorization enforcement into any Ruby class. Let’s see how these two aspects
(policy classes and authorization enforcement modules) work together to help you integrate policydriven authorization into your code base.

Authorization enforcement, or the need for authorization abstractions

Conventions for policy classes
As with other abstractions, employing naming conventions serves two purposes: interface unification
and boilerplate reduction.
As we already learned in the previous chapter, there is a common pattern to naming model-related
classes by adding suffixes. We agreed that policies should be resource-based; hence, we can use
"<Model>Policy" class names for policy objects. We already did this in the plain Ruby example
shown previously (BookPolicy).
To name predicate methods, we can rely on the fact that authorization enforcement usually happens
in controllers. Thus, we can borrow the naming from Rails controllers: #show?, #update?, and
#destroy?. This way, our policy classes will provide a hint on where they’re used. This correspondence
can also be used to simplify the enforcement code (see the code in the Seamless authorization
enforcement section).
On the other hand, defining all CRUD-based rules in each policy can be redundant. From an
authorization point of view, many actions are conceptually the same. For example, #edit?, #update?,
and #destroy? usually answer the same question: does a user have write access to the resource?
Similarly, #show? and #index? can be seen as read operations. Thus, we can design our policy
based on the two fundamental permission types and define action-specific predicates when needed.
In Action Policy, we can use the #view? and #manage? methods for that:
class BookPolicy < ApplicationPolicy
  def view?() = true
  def manage?
    permission?(:manage_all_books) || (
      permission?(:manage_books) &&
      book.dept == user.dept
    )
  end
end

Under the hood, aliases are created to route read actions (show, index, and so on.) to the #view?
rule and everything else to the #manage? rule.
Note that our policy class has no initialization (constructor) code. That’s because we assume that
every policy object is created for a given authorization context (usually, the current user, but it can
be a composite) and a resource instance being authorized. Thus, we made both the context and the
resource being authorized a part of the object’s state and exposed via attribute readers (#user and
#book, respectively). The name of the resource attribute (book) is inferred from the policy class name.

181

182

Authorization Models and Layers

To sum up, here are the things to consider when you define an abstraction for authorization policy objects:
• Name policies according to the resources they’re attached to
• Choose predicate names reflecting the authorization nature (read, write, execute, and so on)
and provide aliases to connect to the presentation layer
• Standardize the constructor/state interface
The idea of adding CRUD aliases to policy classes may look controversial: aren’t we introducing a
reverse dependency with the presentation layer? To answer this question, let’s see how authorization
enforcement works with our abstraction.

Seamless authorization enforcement
As we already mentioned a few times, we commonly perform authorization checks in controllers.
Let’s see how this can be accomplished if we follow the conventions described previously (using
Action Policy):

Authorization enforcement with Action Policy
class BooksController < ApplicationController
  def destroy
    book = Book.find(params[:id])
    authorize! book
    book.destroy!
    redirect_to books_path, notice: "Removed"
  end
end

The injection of authorization requires just a single line of code. However, under the hood, the
#authorize! helper does a lot, as outlined here:
• A policy class is identified from the passed record (book → BookPolicy)
• A policy rule is inferred from the controller’s action name (#destroy → #destroy?)
• Finally, the rule is invoked with #current_user as a context, and an exception is raised if
the authorization fails
All three items from the preceding list rely on the abstraction we defined previously, thus demonstrating
its power.
There are a couple more things worth paying attention to in the Authorization enforcement with Action
Policy snippet, so let’s have a look at what these are.

Authorization enforcement, or the need for authorization abstractions

First, we trigger the destroy? policy rule, which resolves to the manage? rule under the hood.
By not calling the manage? rule directly, we decouple common actions from rules. A controller
shouldn’t know whether there is a difference between, say, an update or destroy action for a particular
resource—that’s the responsibility of the policy object. Thus, if later we enhance our policy and add a
custom #destroy? method, no change in the presentation layer will be required.
The corner case in this approach is using custom, non-RESTful actions. Should there be corresponding
aliases in policy classes? It depends, but in general, this will mean that a policy becomes aware of the
presentation, and thus should be avoided. The CRUD-based rules (#index?, #show?, #create?,
and so on) are generic enough not to be considered presentation-specific.
The only thing that makes our policies somehow coupled with controllers is the Rails naming convention
for action names. But here, we can say that we reuse the naming convention as an abstract idea, not
the fact that it’s used by controllers.
The second noticeable feature of our authorization enforcement implementation is the exception-driven
control flow. It’s also a typical authorization pattern: break out from the execution flow by raising an
exception. Even more, treating authorization failures as exceptions is natural.
Why? An application shouldn’t allow the execution of unauthorized actions in the first place (for
example, we should avoid showing certain buttons or links to users that they aren’t allowed to click);
that is, a regular user (not a hacker) shouldn’t be able to do that at all.
Authorization can be implemented with a single line of code. Let’s see how this line affects the testability
of the object it’s injected into.

Authorization versus testability
Policy objects can be tested in isolation as units. Unit tests are faster and require less setup than
integration tests, so extracting policy objects has a positive impact on the application’s testability.
However, we still need to figure out how to test the act of authorization enforcement.
Testing authorization only in policy tests is not enough to make sure your application is properly
secured. You should always test authorization at the level at which it’s enforced. In other words, for
every controller action, there should be a corresponding test that ensures that an expected authorization
was performed. How to do that?
A naïve way to test authorization is to cover all permissions-related scenarios in integration tests (for
example, controller tests). Although this approach may seem the most robust, it leads to duplication
and redundancy. Moreover, since the amount of code needed to thoroughly test all actions is huge,
it’s much easier to miss some edge cases and, thus, introduce breaches.
Rephrasing the question can help us to come up with a better testing technique: what does it mean
to verify that authorization has been performed as expected? Since we use a well-defined abstraction
and a standard enforcement mechanism, we can say that verifying authorization is equal to checking

183

184

Authorization Models and Layers

that a particular policy has been used to authorize a given resource with a given user as a context. If
we can write such a test, the actual authorization logic can only be tested in policy tests.
Action Policy comes with a built-in solution to this problem—custom RSpec and Minitest matchers:
class BooksTest < ActionDispatch::IntegrationTest
  include ActionPolicy::TestHelper
  test "is authorized" do
    assert_authorized_to(:view?,  Book) do
      get "/books"
    end
    assert_response :success
  end
end

The #assert_authorized_to matcher verifies that the specified policy and rule were used to
authorize the request via the #authorize! helper.
A good authorization abstraction should take testability into account and make it easier to test both
policies and points of enforcement.
Let’s go back to the application code and discuss another abstraction layer using
authorization policies—views.

Authorization in views
When we talked about authorization exceptions, we discussed that users ideally shouldn’t be able to
perform unauthorized actions using the application UI. Thus, we need a way to filter UI components
depending on the current user’s permissions. For that, we can also rely on policy objects.
A typical use case is to hide a control corresponding to an action that is not allowed for the current
user. With Action Policy, for example, we can declare view templates as follows:
<li>
  <%= book.name %>
  <% if allowed_to?(:destroy?, book) %>
    <%= button_to "Delete", book, method: :delete %>
  <% end %>
</li>

The #allowed_to? helper is provided by Action Policy. It works similarly to the #authorize
method we explored previously, but instead of raising an exception, it returns true or false.
The situation when we need to conditionally show an action-triggering element depending on the
permission to perform this action fits our authorization-layer abstraction well. The view layer relies

Authorization enforcement, or the need for authorization abstractions

on policies, but policies have no presentation-specific logic. All is good (from the layered architecture
point of view).
Sometimes, however, presentation-layer details can leak into policies, thus breaking the separation
of abstraction and architecture layers.

Form fields versus authorization
A common scenario where we may want to enhance policy classes with presentation-specific logic is
dealing with conditional form fields. Let’s continue exploring our library application example.
Imagine that we have a search form where users can type a query (author or book name) to find the
matching books. For librarians, we also want to add another search form field to search by ISBN.
Finally, we can add another field to look up a book by a database ID and make it available to
administrators only. We can write the corresponding view template as follows:
<%= form_for Books::SearchForm.new do |f| %>
  <%= f.text_field :q, placeholder: "Type a query.." %>
  <% if current_user.librarian? || current_user.admin? %>
    <%= f.text_field :isbn, placeholder: "ISNB" %>
  <% end %>
  <% if current_user.admin? %>
    <%= f.text_field :book_id, placeholder: "Book ID" %>
  <% end %>
<% end %>

Using an authorization model (role, permissions) in views directly is technically acceptable, but has
all the downsides we discussed with regard to authorization logic in controllers. Also, mixing policies
with checking roles directly within the same layer increases the conceptual overhead—we need to
keep in mind two authorization-related abstractions (policies and models).
Let’s explore how we can implement this logic with policies. The first approach is to add custom rules
to the policy class, as follows:
class BookPolicy < ApplicationPolicy
  def search_by_isbn?() = user.librarian? || user.admin?
  def search_by_id?() = user.admin?
end

Now, we can use the #allowed_to? helper in the template:
<%= form_for Books::SearchForm.new do |f| %>
  <%= f.text_field :q, placeholder: "Type a query.." %>
  <% if allowed_to?(:search_by_isbn?, Book) %>
    <%= f.text_field :isbn, placeholder: "ISNB" %>

185

186

Authorization Models and Layers

  <% end %>
  <% if allowed_to?(:search_by_id?, Book) %>
    <%= f.text_field :book_id, placeholder: "Book ID" %>
  <% end %>
<% end %>

From the view-layer perspective, everything is great. However, our policy class got new functionality
that’s required just for a single form—the policy object became presentation-aware. If we continue
adding new rules for any UI-related occasion, we’ll quickly end up with bloated policy classes.
There is an alternative approach: make policy objects responsible for the list of permitted form
parameters. This way, we define a single helper method (probably, per form) and use it in views:
class BookPolicy < ApplicationPolicy
  def search_params
    [].tap do
     _1 << :isbn if user.admin? || user.librarian?
     _1 << :book_id if user.admin?
    end
  end
end

In the view, we can no longer use the #allowed_to? helper and must call #search_params explicitly:
<%- policy = BookPolicy.new(user: current_user) -%>
<%= form_for Books::SearchForm.new do |f| %>
  <%= f.text_field :q, placeholder: "Type a query.." %>
  <% if policy.search_params.include?(:isbn) %>
    <%= f.text_field :isbn, placeholder: "ISNB" %>
  <% end %>
  <% if policy.search_params.include?(:book_id) %>
    <%= f.text_field :book_id, placeholder: "Book ID" %>
  <% end %>
<% end %>

This approach reduces the potential policy class bloat but still doesn’t solve the main problem: making
policies aware of presentation logic. Also, in this example, it’s questionable whether the BookPolicy
class is the right place to define this logic.
Remember—we discussed that policy objects are usually associated with domain models, but not
always. For example, we could create a standalone SearchPolicy object to describe authorization
rules related to the form. That leads us to an interesting idea I’d like to explore slightly in this chapter.
Both solutions we discussed previously demonstrate the same disadvantage—presentation logic leaks
into the policies layer. What if we look at the problem from the other side and, instead of trying to

Performance implications of authorization

adjust existing policies to ever-changing representation requirements, we move the authorization
logic for the presentation layer up the stack?
For the library search example, extracting a standalone policy class responsible for the form representation
and submission (we must verify submitted params, too) looks like a reasonable option. We can call this
concept a view policy object, an object that encapsulates authorization-related logic for a particular
UI. Such objects must delegate non-presentation authorization logic to regular policy objects; thus,
they could be wrappers or decorators for resource policy classes.
We can go further and integrate view policy objects into form objects (see Chapter 7, Handling User
Input outside of Models). The final interface may look like this:
<% search_form = Books::SearchForm.new %>
<%= form_for search_form do |f| %>
  <%= f.text_field :q, placeholder: "Type a query.." %>
  <% if search_form.field_allowed?(:isbn) %>
    <%= f.text_field :isbn, placeholder: "ISNB" %>
  <% end %>
  <% if search_form.field_allowed?(:book_id) %>
    <%= f.text_field :book_id, placeholder: "Book ID" %>
  <% end %>
<% end %>

I will leave it up to the reader as an exercise to implement this functionality. Now, let’s move on to the
final topic related to authorization abstractions—application performance.

Performance implications of authorization
As with any abstraction, we also need to take performance into account. Sometimes, abstractions
providing great developer experience may do so at the price of poor performance. That’s especially
critical for authorization since, as we learned, it permeates the whole application.
Let’s discuss a couple of the most common performance implications related to authorization.

The N+1 authorization problem in the representation layer
Let’s imagine a typical table-like interface showing many records along with the possible actions the
current user can trigger for each one. For example, that could be a list of blog posts, and the possible
actions could be publish, delete, and edit.
The corresponding view template could look like this:
<%= posts.each do |post| %>
  <div>
    <%= link_to post.title, post %>

187

188

Authorization Models and Layers

    <% if allowed_to?(:publish?, post) %>
      <%= button_to "Publish", publish_post_path(post), method: :patch
%>
    <% end %>
    <% if allowed_to?(:edit?, post) %>
      <%= link_to "Edit", edit_post_path(post) %>
    <% end %>
    <% if allowed_to?(:destroy?, post) %>
      <%= button_to "Delete", post, method: :delete %>
    <% end %>
  </div>
<% end %>

For each row in the list, we perform three authorization checks. Thus, for 40 posts, we perform 120
checks. And each check, in its turn, performs many operations under the hood: looking up a policy
class, initializing a policy object, invoking a predicate method, and evaluating the result. The policy class
lookup is the responsibility of the abstraction. We must ensure it has the smallest possible overhead
compared to initializing a policy object explicitly.
The overhead from performing pure Ruby calls can likely stay unnoticeable. Now, imagine that one
of the rules—say, publish?—requires querying a database; we hit the N+1 query problem. That’s
where authorization can start negatively affecting the application performance. Let’s see what options
we have to prevent this.
The first option is to leverage common preloading techniques (#preload, #eager_load, and
so on.) if possible. If the authorization rule executes queries not related to associations, we’ll need
to come up with some custom preloading mechanism. In either case, it makes sense to make the
preloading logic a part of the policy class implementation since it depends on the rules. The interface
could look like this:
<%= PostPolicy.preload_for(posts, :publish?, :update?, :destroy?).each
do |post| %>
  # …
<% end %>

Preloading can be too complicated and hard to apply to policies relying on other sources of data (for
example, HTTP APIs). An alternative approach to resolving N+1 authorization is to add caching.
There are multiple levels at which we can add caching, from view partials (Russian doll caching) to
authorization rules. Caching at the policy level can be especially useful. Users’ permissions usually do
not change frequently, so cached values can last for a long time. For example, Action Policy provides
different caching mechanisms out of the box. One advantage of a policy-level cache is that adding it
doesn’t require changing the code using policies.

Performance implications of authorization

Finally, we can use scoping to pre-authorize records. This approach can be used only in situations when
all records are homogenous from the authorization perspective. That means we know beforehand that
the result of the publish? check is true for all the records (for example, when the list contains
the current user’s post).
For that, we first use the policy to load the filtered view of the data, and then we mark the resulting
records as pre-authorized for the specified actions, telling the authorization layer to pass the checks.
At the time of writing, no known author libraries implement this approach.
Thus, let’s come up with an interface proposal based on the #authorized_scope method from
Action Policy:
<%= authorized_scope(posts, as: :own, preauthorize: %i[publish?
update? destroy?]).each do |post| %>
  # …
<% end %>

No solution fits all the use cases (the caching approach is probably the closest). Just as authorization rules
vary a lot depending on the application business logic, so do the ways to overcome N+1 authorization.
The permissions-based scoping we just mentioned can also cause performance issues when overused.

The case of scoping-based authorization
Scoping-based authorization is an authorization-layer design pattern that implies combining data
loading with authorization into one step. That means, instead of per-record rules, we define scopes
to filter collections.
Here is, for example, how we can rewrite our BooksController example to follow this pattern:
class BooksController < ApplicationController
  def destroy
    book = authorized_scope(Book.all, as: :destroyable)
      .find(params[:id])
    book.destroy!
    redirect_to books_path, notice: "Removed"
  end
end

We can still use policies to define scopes, as in the following example:
class BookPolicy < ApplicationPolicy
  relation_scope(:destroyable) do |scope|
    next scope.all if permission?(:manage_all_books)
    next scope.where(dept: user.dept) if
      permission?(:manage_books)
    scope.none

189

190

Authorization Models and Layers

  end
end

The scope defined in the preceding snippet provides the same authorization guarantees as the
#destroy? method we had before, but there is a significant difference due to the implementation.
Scoping-based authorization enforcement is considered more secure since no data is loaded in case
access is denied. However, it comes at a price of performance overhead.
Scoping rules and the corresponding database queries can grow complex, involving joins and
sub-queries. Such queries are always slower than looking up by a primary key. Now, imagine the N+1
authorization situation in conjunction with the scoping-based authorization—it can slow down the
application drastically.
Crafting a good abstraction is always a case of balancing between developer experience and an
application’s vital characteristics, such as performance. Authorization is one example of when you
should pay additional attention to the corresponding abstraction designs.

Summary
In this chapter, you learned about the concept of authorization and its role in a web application’s
security. You familiarized yourself with security concerns such as authentication, authorization,
system, and data constraints. You learned about the authorization model and its common designs,
such as RBAC and ABAC.
You also learned about the policy object design pattern and how it can be used to decouple authorization
enforcement from authorization rules. Finally, you learned about the potential performance implications
related to authorization abstractions.
In the next chapter, we will talk about the notification layer of the application and discuss how to keep
notification logic under control in the world beyond emails.

Questions
1.

What is the difference between authentication and authorization?

2.

What is the main disadvantage of the RBAC authorization model?

3.

What is authorization enforcement, and where should it happen?

4.

What is a policy object, and how can it be used to design an authorization layer in web applications?

5.

What is a view policy object, and how does it differ from a regular policy object?

6.

How do we solve the N+1 authorization problem?

7.

What is scoping-based authorization? What are the pros and cons of this authorization pattern?

Exercise

Exercise
Implement the concept of the view policy object integrated into form objects based on the library
search example from the Authorization in views section of this chapter.

Further reading
Polished Ruby Programming (Chapter 17, Robust Web Application Security), Jeremy Evans,
Packt Publishing: https://www.packtpub.com/product/polished-rubyprogramming/9781801072724

191

10
Crafting the Notifications Layer
In this chapter, we will touch on the topic of user notifications and how to organize the corresponding
code in a Rails application. We will start by discussing the built-in abstraction for sending emails—
Action Mailer. Then, we will demonstrate how adding notification channels increases the code base’s
complexity and how we can tackle this complexity by introducing a new abstraction layer (with and
without third-party libraries). Finally, we will talk about the part of the domain model responsible
for managing notifications.
We will cover the following topics:
• From Action Mailer to multiple notification channels
• Extracting the notifications layer
• Modeling user notification preferences
This chapter aims to familiarize you with the idea of the notifications layer and how it improves the
maintainability of applications relying on different communication channels.

Technical requirements
In this chapter, and all chapters of this book, the code given in code blocks is designed to be executed
on Ruby 3.2 and Rails 7. Many of the code examples will work on earlier versions of the previously
mentioned software.
You will find the code files on GitHub at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/
Layered-Design-for-Ruby-on-Rails-Applications/tree/main/Chapter10.

194

Crafting the Notifications Layer

From Action Mailer to multiple notification channels
Notifying a user about the events happening asynchronously in the system (for example, the order has
been delivered or a new message has been received) is a crucial feature of most web applications. Users
do not have your application open 24/7 (well, maybe some might), so you need a way to inform them.
For many years, the primary and only way of informing web application users was by sending an
email. Rails has covered this use case via Action Mailer since the beginning.
Let’s do a quick tour of this Rails sub-framework.

Action Mailer in action
Action Mailer provides an abstraction to manage (route or generate) emails in a Rails application—
mailers. A mailer is an object that encapsulates the generation of email messages and provides an
API to deliver them. Each mailer may describe multiple kinds of related messages, usually bound by
a context such as a domain model.
Let’s consider an example—a UserMailer class with the #welcome notification action defined:
class UserMailer < ApplicationMailer
  def welcome(user)
    @user = user
    mail(
      to: @user.email,
      subject: "Welcome to the club!"
    )
  end
end

The #mail method builds an internal email representation object, which will be used to perform the
actual delivery. Note that we only specify the To address and email subject, not the contents. Action
Mailer uses the Action View rendering mechanism under the hood to generate content from HTML
or text templates.
The convention is the same as for controllers—we put a template with the name corresponding to the
notification method name into the mailer’s class folder in the app/views folder. For our example,
that is app/views/user_mailer/welcome.html.erb:
<h1>Welcome to the club, <%= @user.name %>!</h1>
<p>We hope you will enjoy working with us!</h1>

As with controller templates, we can access the instance variables defined in the mailer object (@user).

From Action Mailer to multiple notification channels

Finally, let’s demonstrate how to use our mailer:
UserMailer.welcome(user).deliver_later

We generate a mail object and invoke the #deliver_later method to perform the delivery in the
background (via Active Job). The #deliver_now method is also available to send an email immediately.
Like other Rails built-in components, Action Mailer supports callbacks and comes with testing utilities
and developer tools (such as previews). In other words, a mailer is a well-designed abstraction to solve
the problem of notifying users via email.
Now, let’s think about where this abstraction, mailers, lies in the layered architecture.

Mailers in the layered architecture
According to the layered architecture definition (see the Layered architecture and abstraction layers
section in Chapter 5, When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough), mailers must be in the Application or
Services layer since they don’t belong to either the Presentation or Domain layer. However, it might
not be clear why we don't consider mailers to be a part of the Presentation layer given that they may
use templates. Let’s try to figure this out.
We can say that the primary role of a mailer is to coordinate the delivery process and prepare the
content, and the rendering itself is secondary. Or we can point out that email templates are independent
of the UI templates. Or we can try to find another excuse, but from the strictly layered architecture
point of view, using views in mailers still would be a violation.
Let’s just call it a compromise and move on.
The layered architecture is not limited to the four layers we usually refer to. Some developers, for
example, split the Application layer into two layers, Business and Services. The Business layer
encapsulates the business rules in a framework-agnostic way, while the Services layer knows more
about the implementation details, though it still describes the application's business logic.
So, if we consider that we’re talking about the two-story Application layer as described previously,
authorization policies (see Chapter 9, Authorization Models and Layers) belong to the Business layer, while
mailers belong to the Services layer since they’re coupled with the actual notification method (email).
Finally, we should mention that Action Mailer delivery adapters (SMTP, file, and so on) belong to
the Infrastructure layer.

195

196

Crafting the Notifications Layer

Figure 10.1 – Action Mailer abstractions in a layered architecture

Even though there can be different approaches in defining architecture layers, there is an invariant:
mailers always belong to a layer above the Domain layer. Now, let’s take a look at the very typical
Rails application code:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  after_commit :send_welcome_email, on: :create
  private
  def send_welcome_email
    UserMailer.welcome(self).deliver_later
  end
end

Although the preceding code demonstrates a popular technique—invoking mailers from model
callbacks—it violates the layered architecture principles (introduces the coupling between layers) and,
thus, must be avoided. Instead, we should either move the mailer invocation to the upper layer or to
an event handler (see the Active Record callbacks go wild section in Chapter 4, Rails Anti-Patterns?,
for possible ways to separate domain models from business operations).
For the rest of the chapter, let’s assume that we have a service object triggering a notification as a part
of its execution. For example, that could be an object responsible for publishing a post:
class Post::Publish < ApplicationService
  param :post
  def call
    post.update!(
      published_at: Time.current,
      status: :published
    )
    notify_subscribers
  end

From Action Mailer to multiple notification channels

  private
  def notify_subscribers
    post.user.subscribers.each do |user|
      next unless user.email_notifications_enabled?
      PostMailer.with(user:)
         .published(post).deliver_later
    end
  end
end

As a part of the post-publication operation, we also notify the author’s subscribers (only with
notifications enabled) about a new post via email. The PostMailer class implementation is not
particularly interesting to us, except that we use mailer parameters, .with(user:), to separate
the context, a notification recipient, from the notification arguments.
This example is good enough to demonstrate what happens when we introduce other notification
methods beyond email to our application.

Not only emails or adding more notification channels
With the appearance of mobile phones and applications, new notification channels emerged, such as
SMS and push notifications. Today, push notifications are widely supported by web browsers, making
it possible to deliver time-sensitive messages almost instantly. Moreover, we can add messaging
applications to the list as potential communication channels. Finally, many applications also have
in-app-integrated notifications (usually hidden behind a bell button in the window’s top-right corner).
Let’s see how adding more notification delivery channels affects our code base.
We will continue using our post-publishing example. Assume we also want to notify subscribers via
SMS and through the application’s built-in notification system (powered by Action Cable).
The updated code of the Post::Publish class will look as follows:
class Post::Publish < ApplicationService
  param :post
  def call
    post.update!(
      published_at: Time.current,
      status: :published
    )
    notify_subscribers
  end
  private

197

198

Crafting the Notifications Layer

  def notify_subscribers
    payload = post.slice(:id, :title)
      .merge(event: "post.published")
    post.user.subscribers.each do |user|
      NotificationsChannel.broadcast_to(user, payload)
      next unless user.notifications_enabled?
      if user.email_notifications_enabled?
        PostMailer.with(user:)
          .published(post).deliver_later
      end
      if user.sms_notifications_enabled?
        SMSSender.new(user.phone_number).send_later(
          body: "Post has been published: #{post.title}"
        )
      end
    end
  end
end

The size (the number of source code lines) of the service object has almost doubled. Most of its code
is now responsible for coordinating notifications, although the primary role (as declared by the class
name) is to publish a post. If we follow the idea of the Business and Services layers separation, we
could say that the Post::Publish class has been demoted from the Business to the Services layer
since now it knows too much about the notification delivery mechanism.
This situation can be easily extrapolated to all the places in the code where you used mailers initially
since, in most cases, you want to use all available notification channels. That leads to code duplication,
more complicated testing, and other maintainability troubles caused by low cohesion.
To keep concerns separated, we need to extract the communication details from the business logic
operations while leaving notification triggers. In other words, we need to put delivery logic into its
own abstraction layer—the notifications layer.

Extracting notifications layer
What is the notifications layer? We can define it as an abstraction layer responsible for orchestrating
user notifications. The responsibilities of this layer are as listed here:
• Deciding which communication channels to use for a given notification and a user
• Preparing notification payloads (email subjects and bodies, SMS contents, and so on)
• Interacting with delivery services (mailing servers, third-party APIs, and so on)

Extracting notifications layer

A notifications layer may be comprised of multiple abstractions or sub-layers. For example, we still
can (and should) use Action Mailer for emails, but we need a higher-level entry-point abstraction,
which would delegate the specific channel logic to lower abstractions.
As the first step toward a new abstraction, let’s refactor our Post::Publish class using a simple
object (or class) extraction technique.

Ad hoc abstraction
Let’s start by moving the #notify_subscribers method implementation into a separate class,
say, Post::NotifyPublished:
class Post::NotifyPublished < ApplicationService
  param :post
  def call
    payload = post.slice(:id, :title)
      .merge(event: "post.published")
    post.user.subscribers.each do |user|
      NotificationsChannel.broadcast_to(user, payload)
      next unless user.notifications_enabled?
      if user.email_notifications_enabled?
        PostMailer.with(user:)
          .published(post).deliver_later
      end
      if user.sms_notifications_enabled?
        SMSSender.new(user.phone_number).send_later(
          body: "Post has been published: #{post.title}"
        )
      end
    end
  end
end

We haven’t changed anything in the source code yet. It’s not really a refactoring; it’s more like a
re-arranging. However, even such a simple manipulation improves the maintainability of the host
object, Post::Publish:
class Post
  class Publish < ApplicationService
    param :post
    def call

199

200

Crafting the Notifications Layer

      post.update!(
        published_at: Time.current,
        status: :published
      )
      NotifyPublished.call(post)
    end
  end
end

Now we clearly see that the Publish operation consists of two steps: modifying the record’s state
and notifying users about the event.
Testing also becomes less complicated: we only need to test the primary functionality and the fact
that the NotifyPublished class has been called. Here is how we can write such tests with RSpec:
RSpec.describe Post::Publish do
  let(:post) { Post.create!(title: "Test") }
  subject { described_class.call(post) }
  before  { allow(Post::NotifyPublished).to receive(:call) }
  it "marks post as published and sets published_at" do
    subject
    expect(post.reload.published_at).not_to be_nil
    expect(post).to be_published
  end
  it "triggers notification via NotifyPublished" do
    subject
    expect(Post::NotifyPublished)
      .to have_received(:call).with(post)
  end
end

However, tests for the NotifyPublished class still must cover all the sophisticated logic of notifying
users: taking into account notification settings, verifying messages, and so on. And we’ll have to repeat
these tests for every notifier object.
Having notifications logic moved into separate classes makes it easier to start the actual refactoring.
Since notification channels are independent of each other and, at any point in time, we might want
to add new ones, it makes sense to use a pluggable architecture or plugins (see the Adapters versus
plugins section in Chapter 3, More Adapters, Less Implementations).

Extracting notifications layer

A sketch of a pluggable architecture for notifications
Designing a full-featured plugin system for user notifications is way beyond the scope of this book.
Instead, I’d like to propose a potential API and highlight the most crucial parts of it.
Let’s start with the notifier class and describe an API to plug in notification channels:
class Post::NotifyPublished < ApplicationNotifier
  plug :mailer, class_name: "PostMailer",
    action: "published"
  plug :sms, content: ->(post) { "Post has been published:
    #{post.title}" }
  plug :cable, event: "post.published",
    payload: ->(post) { post.slice(:id, title) }
  param :post
  def call
    post.user.subscribers.each { notify(_1, post) }
  end
end

The .plug DSL method activates a plugin specified by its ID. The options passed as keyword
arguments to the .plug method differ for each plugin and are proxied directly to the plugin instance.
The #notify method is the only API available to the notifier class. We call it to trigger notifications
for a particular user.
Note that we no longer care about users’ notifications settings—that will be the responsibility of the
corresponding plugins. Let’s take a look at how the #notify method can be implemented in the
ApplicationNotifier class:
class ApplicationNotifier < ApplicationService
  def notify(user, ...)
    plugins.each { _1.notify(user, ...) }
  end
end

Let me skip the #plugins method implementation and instead demonstrate the code for one of the
plugins. For example, we can imagine how the mailer plugin would work:
class MailerNotifierPlugin
  attr_reader :class_name, :action
  def initialize(class_name:, action:)
    @class_name, @action = class_name, action
  end

201

202

Crafting the Notifications Layer

  def notify(user, ...)
    return unless user.notifications_enabled? &&
      user.email_notifications_enabled?
    mailer = class_name.constantize.with(user:)
    mailer.public_send(action, ...).deliver_later
  end
end

Note that now it’s the plugin that’s responsible for deciding whether to send a notification to the user
or not. It’s no longer the responsibility of a notifier object. Thus, we localized this logic in a single
entity, drastically reduced code duplication, and simplified testing.
We also introduced a convention of passing a target user as a parameter to a mailer object
(.with(user:)). Other notification arguments are passed to the mailer via the argument forwarding
operator (...), which we use a lot to build our notification pipeline.
Other plugins can be implemented in a similar way. I will leave this as an exercise for the reader.
Luckily, in today’s Rails ecosystem, there are enough existing solutions to choose from, so building a
notifications layer from scratch is quite unlikely.
Let’s consider a couple of libraries.

Using third-party libraries to manage notifications
My shortlist of libraries for building a notifications layer in a Ruby on Rails application consists of
two candidate gems: active_delivery and noticed. As the author of Active Delivery is yours
truly, I will start with it.

Active Delivery
Active Delivery is a library heavily inspired by Action Mailer and is focused on providing a familiar,
Rails-like API. It comes with a handful of abstractions to cover all your notification needs. Let’s see
how we can use them to refactor our original post-publication example.
For every delivery method, we must define a delivery line. A delivery line is an adapter that connects
delivery objects with notifiers or notification backends directly.
What a gem — active_delivery
The active_delivery gem (https://github.com/palkan/active_delivery)
provides abstractions to build a notifications layer in the Rails way. Delivery objects act as
entry points for notifications encapsulating delivery mechanisms. Notifiers provide an Action
Mailer-like API for any notification backends managed by application developers (SMS, push
notifications, and so on).

Extracting notifications layer

Out of the box, Active Delivery provides only the mailer delivery line, which connects deliveries with
Action Mailer classes. Let’s see how we can replace PostMailer with the corresponding delivery
class, PostDelivery:
class Post::Publish < ApplicationService
  # ...
  private
  def notify_subscribers
    post.user.subscribers.each do |user|
      PostDelivery.with(user:)
        .published(post).deliver_later
    end
  end
end

We just updated the class name, and that’s it—the benefit of having an Action Mailer-compatible API.
Also, we no longer check for user.email_notifications_enabled?—that becomes the
responsibility of the delivery object.
Let’s look at the delivery classes:

ApplicationDelivery
class ApplicationDelivery < ActiveDelivery::Base
  before_notify :ensure_enabled
  before_notify :ensure_mailer_enabled, on: :mailer
  def ensure_enabled = !!user&.notifications_enabled?
  def ensure_mailer_enabled
    !!user&.email_notifications_enabled?
  end
  def user = params[:user]
end

In the base delivery class, we use callbacks to control when to deliver notifications. (In Active Delivery,
if a callback returns false, it halts the execution.) What’s left for the PostDelivery class? Let’s see:

PostDelivery
class PostDelivery < ApplicationDelivery
  delivers :published
end

203

204

Crafting the Notifications Layer

That’s it. We only specify which delivery actions are available. Active Delivery will automatically infer
the mailer class (PostMailer) from the delivery class name and enqueue the specified message
delivery. In other words, the following two expressions are equal:
PostDelivery.with(user:).published(post).deliver_later
# ==
PostMailer.with(user:).published(post).deliver_later if
  user.email_notifications_enabled? &&
    user.notifications_enabled?

With just mailers, using Active Delivery can hardly be justified. Let’s continue by adding SMS notifications.

Adding an SMS notifier
We said that Active Delivery connects delivery objects to notifiers. For example, for emails, mailers
act as notifiers. For other delivery mechanisms, we can use Abstract Notifier.
Abstract Notifier is a companion library for Active Delivery and bundled with it (since v1.0), which
provides a minimal abstraction for defining mailer-like objects. Let’s create a PostSMSNotifier class:
class PostSMSNotifier < ApplicationSMSNotifier
  def published(post)
    notification(
      to: user.phone_number,
      body: "Post has been published: #{post.title}"
    )
  end
end

It looks very similar to a mailer class; only the #mail method is replaced with the #notification
method. We need to define a delivery driver to turn an abstract notifier into an SMS sender. We do
that in the base SMS notifier class:
class ApplicationSMSNotifier < AbstractNotifier::Base
  self.driver = proc do |data|
    data => {to:, body:}
    SMSSender.new(to).send_now(body:)
  end
  private def user = params[:user]
end

A driver can be any callable Ruby object. In our case, we reuse the existing SMS-sending mechanism.

Extracting notifications layer

Finally, we need to register SMS notifiers as a delivery line in the base delivery class. To connect
deliveries with SMS notifiers, we only need to specify the prefix used by notifier classes:
class ApplicationDelivery < ActiveDelivery::Base
  register_line :sms, notifier: true,
    prefix: "SMSNotifier"
  # …
  before_notify :ensure_sms_enabled, on: :sms
  private
  def ensure_sms_enabled
    !!user&.sms_notifications_enabled?
  end
end

We also define a callback to ensure SMS notifications are sent only to users who opted in to this
notification method.
To add an Action Cable delivery line, you can follow the same approach as for creating custom notifiers.
Alternatively, you can create a specific delivery line or even use notification callbacks to broadcast
messages. I’ll leave it up to you to decide and instead discuss another important topic related to
defining an abstraction—testability.

Testing deliveries and notifiers
Active Delivery comes with first-class testing support. The decomposition of the notifications layer
into deliveries, notifiers, and other delivery lines and drivers makes testing all components in isolation
easy. Built-in deliveries help to test delivery triggering.
Here is, for example, how we can write Post::Publish tests with RSpec:
RSpec.describe Post::Publish do
  let(:post) { Post.create!(title: "Test") }
  let!(:subscriber) do
    User.create!(name: "Test", email: "a@ex.test").tap {
      post.user.subscribers << _1 }
    }
  end
  subject { described_class.call(post) }
  it "triggers delivery to subscribers" do
    expect { subject }.to have_delivered_to(
      PostDelivery, :published, post
    ).with(user: subscriber)

205

206

Crafting the Notifications Layer

  end
end

A similar matcher is available to test notifiers:
RSpec.describe PostDelivery do
  let(:user) { User.new(phone_number: "311") }
  let(:delivery) { described_class.with(user:) }
  describe "#published" do
    let(:post) { Post.new(title: "A") }
    subject { delivery.published(post).deliver_now }
    it "notifies via SMS" do
      expect { subject }.to have_sent_notification(
        via: PostSMSNotifier,
        to: "311",
        body: "Post has been published: A"
      )
    end
  end
end

Note that we don’t need to persist Active Record objects to test notifications sent via notifiers. That
makes delivery tests blazingly fast, which is essential for large test suites.
Active Delivery is flexible enough to build a notifications layer in Rails applications of any scale.
However, for applications with a small number of different notifications, managing both delivery
objects and notifiers can be seen as over-abstraction. If that’s the case, you may find the abstractions
provided by the Noticed library fit your needs better.

Noticed
The main conceptual difference between Noticed compared to Active Delivery or Action Mailer is the
one-to-one correspondence between notifications and corresponding delivery classes (notification
objects). That makes it possible to define all the logic required to deliver notifications via multiple
channels in a single place.
Let’s define a notification object for our post-publication use case:
class PostPublishedNotification < Noticed::Base
  deliver_by :email, mailer: "PostMailer",
     method: :published, if: :email?
  deliver_by :sms, class: "SMSDelivery", if: :sms?
  deliver_by :action_cable,

Extracting notifications layer

    channel: "NotificationsChannel",
    format: :cable_payload
  def cable_payload =
    post.slice(:id, :title).merge(
     event: "post.published"
    )
  def sms_params =
   {
     to: user.phone_number,
     body: "Post has been published: #{post.title}"
   }
  private
  alias_method :user, :recipient
  def post = params[:post]
  def email? = user.notifications_enabled? &&
    user.email_notifications_enabled?
  def sms? = user.notifications_enabled? &&
    user.sms_notifications_enabled?
end

The notification class defines both delivery methods and the way to generate messages (via callback
methods). We can think of the notification object as a combination of both delivery objects and
notifiers from Active Delivery—but all in one Ruby class!
Let’s integrate it into our Post::Publish class:
class Post::Publish < ApplicationService
  # ...
  private
  def notify_subscribers
    PostPublishedNotification.with(post:).deliver_later(
      post.user.subscribers
    )
  end
end

What’s Noticed-able here is that we pass all subscribers as an argument to the #deliver_later
method without any iterations. This is one of the Noticed bonus features that improve the
developer ergonomics.

207

208

Crafting the Notifications Layer

What a gem — noticed
Noticed (https://github.com/excid3/noticed) is a popular Rails library providing
the concept of notification objects. A notification object represents a single notification in the
system, defines which delivery channels to use, and encapsulates notification details for each
of them. Noticed supports popular delivery mechanisms out of the box and can be extended
via custom plugins.
With minimal additional objects and built-in delivery adapters for popular backends, Noticed
allows you to quickly outline the notifications layer in a Rails application. As usual, what streamlines
initial development may put sticks in the application wheels as it grows.
The usage of notification class instance methods to control the behavior of different delivery methods
makes it possible to put all the logic into one place. At the same time, with the growing number of
delivery channels, notification classes can become hard to digest. Keeping each notification in a separate
file can quickly lead to the app/notifications folder becoming bloated.
Either way, I’d recommend learning about both Active Delivery and Noticed design and implementation
to better understand what should be taken into account during the notifications layer extraction and
the possible abstractions to build it from.
In conclusion, I’d like to discuss a topic adjacent to the notifications layer—a notifications model.

Modeling user notification preferences
In the previous section’s examples, we relied on the User model to answer one of the core notification
system questions: should a user be notified via channel X or not? I intentionally used the most
straightforward implementation: storing notification preferences in the users table as Boolean
columns (notifications_enabled, email_notifications_enabled, and so on). Let’s
discuss the downsides of this approach.
First, we add another responsibility to the User model (it likely already has many). That takes us one
step closer to creating a God object—a famous maintainability killer (see the Seeking God objects
section in Chapter 2, Active Models and Records).
Second, adding a new column for every new notification type widens the database table. Although it’s
doubtful that you’ll hit the limit on the number of columns (PostgreSQL, for example, allows up to
1,600 columns per table), many columns add to mental and even performance overhead. The latter
is because with Active Record, most of the time, we load all tables’ columns (SELECT * FROM …),
and even small Boolean values require deserialization backed by Ruby objects.
So, the overhead of having a few additional columns, even a dozen, would hardly be noticeable
(though measurable by micro-benchmarks). However, it’s still something you should keep in mind
when adding yet another add_column :user, :x migration.
Let’s consider alternative approaches to implementing the notifications part of the domain model.

Modeling user notification preferences

Bit fields and value objects
What is the most natural way to store many Boolean values? Bit fields! A bit field is a data structure
consisting of adjacent bits, where each bit acts like a state toggle, on (set) or off (not set); all bits
are independent.
Bit fields provide a very compact way to store information. Unsurprisingly, 1 byte of data can represent
eight different Boolean states simultaneously (imagine a binary representation of any non-negative
integer less than 256, for example, 49 → 0011 0001).
Let’s use a single tiny integer column, say, notification_bits, to store user notification
preferences. To implement predicate methods used by the notifications layer, we must define them
manually using bitwise operations:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  NOTIFICATION_BITS = {
    all: 1,
    email: 3,
    sms: 5
  }.freeze
  # …
  def notifications_enabled? =
    (notification_bits & 1 == 1)
  def email_notifications_enabled? =
    (notification_bits & 3 == 3)
  def sms_notifications_enabled? =
    (notification_bits & 5 == 5)
end

All predicate methods rely on the same expression with different values (by the way, note that we check
for the first bit in every predicate). And we only use a single model’s attribute—do you spot a pattern?
Right, a value object (see the Extracting objects from objects section in Chapter 3, More Adapters, Less
Implementations). We can encapsulate all the notifications-related logic into a custom model class:
class User::Notifications
BITS = {
    all: 1,
    email: 3,
    sms: 5
  }.freeze
  private attr_reader :val
  def initialize(value) = @val = value

209

210

Crafting the Notifications Layer

  def enabled? = (val & 1 == 1)
  def email? = (val & 3 == 3)
  def sms? = (val & 5 == 5)
end

In the user model, we now only need to define a method to access notifications:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  def notifications =
    @notifications ||=
      Notifications.new(notification_bits)
end

Finally, we must slightly update the code using notification predicates. Take the following example:
PostMailer.with(user:).published(post) if
  user.notifications.email?

Value objects are read-only. We can update the notification preferences by directly writing to the
notification_bits attribute. Another option is to promote the UserNotifications value
object to an Active Record type and make it responsible for mapping data between the application,
users, and a database. This technique is out of the scope of this book.
The main downside of using bit fields is a lack of readability (when accessing raw data). Also, querying
bit fields in a performant way is more complicated; you either add multiple functional indexes or deal
with sequential table scans.
Moreover, notification preferences may include non-Boolean fields, too. For example, one common
use case is to allow users to provide a custom email or phone number for notifications (not the one
that is already present on the profile).

Notification preferences store
Another option for storing notification preferences is to use a non-structured data type, such as an
array or JSON. This approach is trendy among PostgreSQL users (me included) due to enhanced
support for these data types. For the rest of the chapter, let’s assume that our database is PostgreSQL.
Arrays are similar to bit fields, but instead of bits, we store the identifiers of enabled notification
methods. Compared to bits, arrays can be efficiently indexed, so querying for users with specified
delivery channels active is not a problem. However, we still can’t store plain text values this way. So,
let’s move on to JSON, or, more precisely, JSONB—a binary JSON format specific to PostgreSQL,
which is more compact and has indexing support.
Let’s assume that we have a notifications JSON column in the users table. In the Active Model
as Active Record satellite section of Chapter 2, Active Models and Records, we introduced the Store

Modeling user notification preferences

Model gem, which can be used to create a model backed by JSON attributes. Let’s use it to model
notification preferences.
First, let’s define the User::Notifications model:
class User::Notifications
  include StoreModel::Model
  attribute :enabled, :boolean, default: true
  attribute :email_enabled, :boolean, default: true
  attribute :sms_enabled, :boolean, default: true
  attribute :email, :string
  attribute :phone_number, :string
  def email_enabled? = enabled? && super
  def sms_enabled? = enabled? && super
end

For every notification setting, we define an attribute. We can specify the type and a default value.
Moreover, we can add validations, declare enums, modify values in place, and so on.
Now, we must attach our Settings model to the User model:
class User < ApplicationRecord
  attribute :notifications, Notifications.to_type
end

Store Model uses the Attributes API under the hood, so we declare that the notifications
attribute should be treated as a custom Settings type.
Using stores, especially JSONB in PostgreSQL, in combination with store-backed models provides a
good mix of flexibility, maintainability, and performance. However, the latter can be compromised. If
JSON(B) grows big, loading it every time we query the users table can lead to application performance
degradation. What is the solution? Right, moving notificationsin to a separate table.

A separate table for storing preferences
Database architects would suggest moving notification preferences into a separate table as the first (and
probably the only) option because it follows the normalization rules (and architects like normalization).
In other words, it simplifies managing the database schema and ensuring data consistency.
However, from an application development point of view, using a separate table doesn’t automatically
answer the question of how to model preference data. Therefore, we can still use all three approaches:
many columns, bit fields, or stores. Moreover, we can mix them to best serve our needs.

211

212

Crafting the Notifications Layer

Nevertheless, independently of the chosen design, the notifications-related part of the domain model
must be separated from the user model.

Summary
In this chapter, you learned about abstractions to manage user notifications. You got a better
understanding of Action Mailer and its place in a layered architecture. You learned about different
patterns to model notifications, such as delivery and notification objects. You also familiarized yourself
with the Active Delivery and Noticed libraries. Finally, you learned about multiple user notification
preference models and their pros and cons.
In the next chapter, we will discuss the HTML view layer of Rails applications and how to turn HTML
templates into object-oriented abstractions.

Questions
1.

Where is the place of Action Mailer in the layered architecture, and why?

2.

What is the difference between the Business and Services layers?

3.

What is the notifications abstraction layer?

4.

What’s the difference between a delivery object and a notification object?

5.

What are the downsides of storing notifications-related data in the User model?

Exercises
1.

Finish the implementation of the pluggable delivery architecture proposed in the A sketch of
a pluggable architecture for notifications section.

2.

Implement a delivery line for Active Delivery to broadcast notifications via Action Cable for
the example from the Active Delivery section.

11
Better Abstractions
for HTML Views
This chapter will focus on classic, HTML-first Ruby on Rails applications and their data representation
features, or, simply speaking, HTML views. First, we discuss built-in mechanisms for generating
views in Rails, such as ERB templates and view helpers, and their drawbacks. Then, we consider an
alternative approach to overcome these drawbacks and reduce the overall complexity of managing
the HTML layer—view components.
We will cover the following topics:
• The V in Rails’ MVC: templates and helpers
• Thinking in components
The goal of this chapter is to demonstrate how object-oriented techniques can help you to keep the
view layer organized and, thus, maintainable.

Technical requirements
In this chapter and all the chapters in this book, the code given in code blocks is designed to be
executed on Ruby 3.2 and Rails 7.1. Many of the code examples will work on earlier versions of the
abovementioned software.
You will find the code files on GitHub at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/
Layered-Design-for-Ruby-on-Rails-Applications/tree/main/Chapter11.

214

Better Abstractions for HTML Views

The V in Rails’ MVC: templates and helpers
In a classic Rails application, we make the view layer from HTML templates. The framework introduces
conventions for organizing templates that can be found if you take a look at an example project’s
app/views folder. If we generated the User resource using the Rails scaffolding system (rails g
resource user), we would see the following files:
app/
  views/
    layouts/
      application.html.erb
    users/
      _form.html.erb
      _user.html.erb
      edit.html.erb
      index.html.erb
      new.html.erb
      show.html.erb

First, we have layouts—top-level templates that wrap endpoint-specific templates and contain
metadata and other utility information required for all HTML pages. There are usually a few different
layouts (for different parts of the application).
Then, we have resource-specific templates that can be further categorized into action templates
and partials.
Action templates correspond to the controller actions, which provide HTML responses. They’re named
accordingly, so the Rails rendering system (Action View) can pick them up automatically without
enforcing us to specify which template to render explicitly.
Templates starting with _ are called partials. They represent reusable HTML fragments that can be
included in other templates. The _user.html.erb partial name is chosen by Rails on purpose:
Action View uses a naming convention to infer a partial from a model.
In this case, we can omit the template name whenever we want to render a user instance. For example,
in the generated index.html.erb file, we can find the following snippet:
<div id="users">
  <%= render @users %>
</div>

The preceding code is similar to the following, more verbose version:
<div id="users">
  <%= render collection: @users, partial: "user" %>
</div>

The V in Rails’ MVC: templates and helpers

Rails gives us a very intuitive way of managing HTML in applications. Conventions reduce boilerplate
and the mental overhead of architecting the view layer so developers can focus solely on HTML content.
However, the simplicity of Rails templates reveals its price as the application grows. When the number
of templates grows, we are likely to start struggling with their maintainability and face the pitfalls of
the Rails view layer design.
Let’s explore the most common problems in a bit more detail.

UI without a programming interface
Unlike most Rails entities, models, controllers, jobs, and templates do not belong to the Ruby object
model. Templates are written in a markup language (such as HTML, Haml, and so on), not a programming
language. Markup languages allow us to describe UIs in a human- and machine-readable text format.
So, it’s just a text file without any classes, methods, and so on.
Given that, we can say that templates by design do not provide any API. In other words, templates
do not communicate how to use them. Let’s demonstrate this with the following example—a partial
that’s responsible for rendering a card with a student’s test result.
Here is the UI we want to build:

Figure 11.1 – A quiz result UI

The corresponding HTML partial template looks as follows (styling omitted):
<div>
  <header>
    <h3><%= quiz.title %></h3>
    <span class="<%= result.passed? ? "green" : "red" %>">
      <%= result.passed? ? "passed" : "failed" %>
    </span>
  </header>
  <p>
    <%- user = result.user -%>
    <i class="fa fa-user"></i>
    <%= link_to user.name, user %>

215

216

Better Abstractions for HTML Views

  </p>
  <div>
    <label>Score</label>
    <span><%= result.score %> / <%= quiz.score %>
    (<%= l(result.created_at) %>)</span>
  </div>
</div>

Now, let’s play the Locals Game: can you spot all the possible and required arguments we should pass to
the #render method via the locals: keyword argument to render this partial? You can detect all
required parameters by trying to render the partial without any arguments and looking at exceptions:
render partial: "quizzes/student_result", locals: {}
#=> undefined local variable or method `quiz'…

Here, we must pass a quiz to render this partial. If you repeat this experiment, you can find that we
also need a result object. So, the final interface for this partial is as follows:
render partial: "quizzes/student_result", locals:
  {quiz:, result:}

If we had some conditions in the template, we might have other hidden, required locals. For example,
we may show previous results for quizzes with multiple allowed attempts:
<div>
  ...
  <div>
    <label>Score</label>
    <span><%= result.score %> / <%= quiz.score %>
    (<%= l(result.created_at) %>)</span>
  </div>
  <%- if result.attempt > 1 -%>
    <div>
      <label>Previous Attempt</label>
      <span><%= prev_result.score %> / <%= quiz.score %>
      (<%= l(prev_result.created_at) %>)</span>
    </div>
  <%- end -%>
</div>

We may have yet another local variable inside a conditional block, but only if the condition is satisfied.
That concludes the first problem with parameterized partials—they can be hard to comprehend.

The V in Rails’ MVC: templates and helpers

Now, imagine we use this partial in multiple places throughout the application, and we added the
required conditional parameters. The chances are that we wouldn’t catch all the places where we need
to provide a new parameter, and a bug could sneak into production. That’s the second problem that
arises if you don’t have a clearly defined interface.
So, partials have no signatures. That makes it hard to maintain them at scale. However, not only locals
must be considered: partials may also depend on the controller’s state.

Stitching controllers and templates via instance variables
Let’s imagine that we want to extend our quiz result partial with the basic course information:

Figure 11.2 – A quiz result UI with the course information

We already have this visual in other places in the application, so it has been extracted into the
courses/side_info partial. Let’s include it in our quiz result partial:
<div>
  <%= render "courses/side_info", course: quiz.course %>
  <header>
    <h3><%= quiz.title %></h3>
    …
  </header>
  …
</div>

And now, let’s try to render it again:
render partial: "quizzes/student_result", locals:
  {quiz:, result:}
#=> undefined method `title' for nil:NilClass…

217

218

Better Abstractions for HTML Views

We have yet another undefined method, but this time for a nil object. Let’s see what’s inside the course
info partial:

courses/_side_info.html.erb
<aside>
  <label>Course</label>
  <%= link_to @course.title, @course %>
  <label>Category</label>
  <span><%= @course.category %></span>
  <label># students</label>
  <span><%= @course.students_count %></span>
</aside>

Do you see why we failed to render it? The reason is that the courses/side_info partial relies
on the @course instance variable to be set in the controller. So, our partial has some hidden state
requirements. That’s a standard Rails pattern for passing some data via instance variables from
controllers to templates; it’s used in the code created with Rails generators.
This functionality is meant only to pass data to action templates, not any other partials. But nothing
prevents developers from relying on instance variables deep down the rendering tree.
We can say that the technique of carrying forward instance variables from controllers to views is yet
another Rails anti-pattern (in addition to those discussed in Chapter 4, Rails Anti-Patterns?). It makes
you productive in the beginning but can become a maintenance nightmare.
Let’s see the options we have to handle the partial interface problems and stay on the Rails way.

Getting strict with templates
Although markup files are mostly text files without obligations, we can bring some order to the HTML
chaos and build some confidence in using partials and templates. Let’s consider a couple of techniques.

Strict locals
Rails 7.1 introduced a new feature to Action View—an ability to specify which locals a partial accepts.
You can add magic comments to the template file to list the recognized local variables as well as to
specify default values.
Let’s enhance our quizzes/student_result partial with the local schema:
<%# locals: (quiz:, result:, prev_result: nil) -%>
<div>
  <header>
    <h3><%= quiz.title %></h3>
    …

The V in Rails’ MVC: templates and helpers

  </header>
  …
</div>

To declare the partial’s input schema, we use the same syntax as in Ruby method definitions. Now, when
trying to render this partial without providing all the required arguments, we see the following exception:
render partial: "quizzes/student_result", locals: {}
#=> missing keywords: :quiz, :result

Similarly, if we tried to pass an unknown variable via locals, we would fail, too:
render partial: "quizzes/student_result", locals:
  {quiz:, result:, foo: "bar"}
#=> unknown local: :foo

This is an important difference compared to schema-less partials, which accept any Ruby hash as a
bag of local variables.
Explicitly specifying the list of locals makes the partials interface more predictable and provides better
control of the view layer. So, even though the magic comment seems to be more like a workaround
than a final solution to the interface problem, it’s better than nothing.
Let’s see if we can somehow control the usage of instance variables in partials.

Linting partials with erb-lint
Detecting instance variables in partials can be done by analyzing the source code without executing
it. We can do this manually: search for /@\w+/ patterns in ERB files starting with the underscore.
Luckily, we don’t need to. There is a linting tool for ERB templates—erb-lint (https://github.
com/Shopify/erb-lint).
erb-lint is a powerful linter for ERB templates with dozens of rules and plugins to integrate with
other tools, such as RuboCop (https://rubocop.org). However, we’re only interested in one
particular rule—PartialInstanceVariable. This rule does exactly what we need: it checks
whether an instance variable is used within a partial template. Let’s see it in action.
First, we need to install erb-lint. For simplicity, we can install it globally:
gem install erb_lint

Now, we can run it with only one linting rule specified against the whole code base to find violating partials:
$ erblint --enable-linters partial_instance_variable \--lint-all
Linting 34 files with 1 linters...
Instance variable detected in partial.
In file: app/views/courses/_side_info.html.erb:3
1 error(s) were found in ERB files

219

220

Better Abstractions for HTML Views

Note that action templates (such as show.html.erb) are ignored by this rule. That gives us a great
balance between the simplicity of passing date from a controller to the entry-point template without
allowing instance variables to leak into nested partials.
To sum up, we can mitigate partials’ implicitness and lack of interface up to some point. However,
that’s not the only reason to consider introducing new abstractions for the view layer.

Reusability and design systems
Partials are usually used to reuse resource-specific visuals: quizzes/result, courses/info,
and so on. However, we do not use partials to extract UI building blocks, such as buttons and form
inputs. Why not? It’s more productive to duplicate small HTML snippets and keep their style in sync
via CSS than to manage tons of partials.
Also, there are Action View helpers that help us to generate Rails-aware HTML too. So, we have
two tools for maintaining the view layer, partials, and helpers. Let’s see if they’re enough to keep the
application healthy and developers productive.

Design systems on Rails
UI elements in web applications do not live each one their life; they’re connected with each other
via an explicit or implicit design system. A design system is a collection of reusable elements and
guidelines for crafting a UI. For example, colors, spacing rules, layouts (grids, tables), and fonts are
all design system components.
Design systems are not static; they constantly evolve. Hence, we must reflect this evolution in the
corresponding CSS and HTML code. This task can be a significant challenge if you have the same
(from the design system perspective) UI element copied and pasted in multiple partials. Let’s consider
an example.
Imagine we have search functionality in several places throughout the application’s UI:

Figure 11.3 – A search box UI element (full-size)

The V in Rails’ MVC: templates and helpers

On some pages, the corresponding UI element may look a bit different:

Figure 11.4 – A search box UI element (compact)

There are two variations, full and short (with the icon-only button). The underlying HTML code for
the full-size variant may look as follows:
<%= form_with(url: search_results_path, class: "searchbox")
  do |f| %>
  <%= f.text_field :q, placeholder: "Search results by quiz
    title or student name", class: "searchbox--input" %>
  <%= f.submit "Search", class: "searchbox--btn" %>
<% end %>

There are just a few lines of code. In addition, there are some moving parts (a submission URL and a
placeholder), and sometimes we need to choose between the full and compact versions. Given that,
it’s hard to justify extracting this UI element into a universal partial solely from the code maintenance
point of view.
Now, let’s assume that our UI/UX team decided to unify the search controls interface across the
application and slightly update its look and feel:

Figure 11.5 – Updated UI for a search box element

From the look, the UI changes may seem negligible. However, even though visually the difference is
not that big, the underlying HTML markup has changed, not only the CSS definitions. Thus, we need
to make sure we update all the templates that have a search box snippet embedded into them in order
to catch up with the design system evolution. That’s when you realize that the productivity of simple
snippet duplication was just technical debt, and it’s time to sign a check.

Partials and helpers for the UI kit?
To mitigate the complexity of staying up to date with ever-changing design system requirements,
we should make it a part of the application’s view layer. The part of the view layer responsible for
implementing the design system elements is called the UI kit. In classic Rails, we only have two
options: helpers and partials.

221

222

Better Abstractions for HTML Views

We covered the downsides of overusing helpers in the Leave helpers for libraries section in Chapter 8,
Pulling Out the Representation Layer. In addition, we can also mention the complexity of rendering
HTML content via helpers. Let's see how our search box implementation might look if defined as a
view helper:
def search_box(url:, placeholder: "Search", variant: :full)
  form_with(url:) do |f|
    concat(content_tag(:div, "") do
      content_tag(:i, "")
    end)
    concat f.text_field :q, placeholder:
    if variant == :full
      concat f.submit "Search"
    end
  end
end

The preceding code requires a good knowledge of Action View helpers (for example, #concat)
and a decent imagination to visualize the resulting UI element in your head, unlike HTML markup.
(Keep in mind that we omitted all the styling in the preceding snippet; the actual code may be much
more verbose.)
Using partials to put together a UI kit is a more viable option. However, the API problems and the
growing complexity when including conditional logic in HTML also make partials hardly suitable
for the task.
We need a better abstraction to represent UI elements in the code base, an abstraction that would
make it easier to reflect the design system hierarchy in the application’s view layer as well as provide
better maintainability properties (isolation, reusability, testability, and so on).

Thinking in components
The problem we’re trying to solve here—increasing the maintainability of the view layer—is not new.
In the last decade, one design paradigm became prevalent: breaking down views into isolated, selfcontained components. Every logical piece of UI must be backed by a component in your code base.
Think in components, not templates.
This approach proved to be efficient in the world of frontend development. Modern libraries such as
React, Vue, and Svelte all drive the component-based architecture.
How can we use this idea in Rails? Let’s try to build some view components!

Thinking in components

Turning partials and helpers into components
Let’s consider what we need to turn partials and helpers into components. Components are isolated and
self-contained. Thus, we need to keep all the logic related to a UI element in a single place. Isolation
also means that we shouldn’t have access to a global state (for example, a controller’s instance variables)
and have explicit dependencies.
Also, having an explicit interface would make components self-descriptive and, thus, predictable.
Given all that, the best way to represent view components in the code base is to use Ruby classes. This
way, we can turn our views into objects and leverage all the power of object-oriented programming.

Components as Ruby objects
Let’s continue using our search box example and try to turn it into a component.
First, we need to define a Ruby class representing the state of the component and implementing its
logic rules:
class SearchBox::Component
  attr_reader :action, :placeholder
  def initialize(
    action:, placeholder: "Search", variant: :full
  )
    @action = action
    @placeholder = placeholder
    @variant = variant
  end
  def button? = @variant == :full
end

In this Ruby class, we defined an explicit interface for our component via keyword arguments. We
also added the #button? helper method that we will use in the component’s HTML template to
toggle the submit button visibility.
This way, we separate the component’s logic from its display—the template shouldn’t know about
variants; it only needs to know whether to render a button. We can think of component methods as
internal view helpers.
We also define the Component class in the SearchBox namespace. We will reveal the purpose
of this decision later. Let’s move on to the next part of componentizing views: where should we put
HTML templates?

223

224

Better Abstractions for HTML Views

HTML for components
Even though the logic of our component now lives in a Ruby class, we still need a good location to
define the markup. A straightforward option is to keep it in an HTML template next to the component
class definition. So, let’s start with this.
First, we define the template:
<%= form_with(url: c.action) do |f| %>
  <div>
    <i class="fa fa-search"></i>
  </div>
  <%= f.search_field :q, placeholder: c.placeholder %>
<%- if c.button? -%>
  <%= f.submit "Search" %>
<%- end -%>
<% end %>

We refer to the component instance via the c local variable in the template. Let’s see how we invoke
our template from the Component class:
class SearchBox::Component
  # ...
  def render_in(view_context)
    view_context.render(
      partial: "components/search_box/component",
      locals: {c: self}
    )
  end
end

The #render_in method is a part of the Action View API. Whenever we pass an object that
responds to #render_in to the #render helper in a Rails view, Action View assumes that this is
a renderable object and delegates the rendering to it by passing a view context. This makes it possible
to use our component in other templates as follows:
<%= render SearchBox::Component.new(action: "#") %>

It’s possible to keep the template contents in the Ruby class and call render(inline: "<HTML
template>", locals: { … }) in the #render_in method instead. However, by storing the
HTML template as text in a Ruby source file, we are likely to lose many developer experience (DX)
benefits (IDE support, linting tools integration, and so on). Thus, we will keep the HTML and Ruby
parts of the component in two separate files. How should we organize component source files then?

Thinking in components

Organizing component source files
You probably noticed that we put the search box component’s partial into the components folder.
Now, let’s put the Ruby class next to the template to have the following folder structure:
app/
  views/
    components/
      search_box/
        component.rb
        _component.html.rb

To make Rails pick up component classes from the app/views/components folder, we need to
configure the autoload paths:

config/application.rb
config.autoload_paths << Rails.root.join("app", "views",
  "components")

By keeping all the component’s source files in the same folder, we physically localize it. There can be
more than just two files, Ruby and HTML. We can also put corresponding JavaScript and CSS files
or other assets into this folder. Everything the component needs to work in a single folder—a huge
maintainability level-up.
The folder structure is not the primary benefit of splitting views into components. What’s more
important is that we introduced a much higher level of isolation. Templates and helpers are internal
implementation details of a component. The outside world only needs to know about the component’s
explicit API.
Let’s see how we can make view components even more helpful.

View components as an abstraction layer
The ad hoc view components implementation from the previous section gives us a sense of what it
means to think in components. Now, it’s time to take the next step and design a proper abstraction
layer out of view components. And for that, we will use the library that has the same name as the
pattern—View Component.
What a gem – view_component
ViewComponent (https://viewcomponent.org) is a framework for building componentbased views in Ruby on Rails. The library was developed at GitHub and originally was meant
to be a part of the Rails framework. Thus, it perfectly fits the Rails way and can be seen as a
natural extension of Action View.

225

226

Better Abstractions for HTML Views

View Component uses a similar approach to the one we developed ourselves. A view component is a
combination of a Ruby object and a template. The framework takes care of gluing components with
the Rails’ rendering system and provides additional features:
• Components composition (Slots API)
• Life cycle events (before_render)
• Utilities to test components in isolation
• Built-in instrumentation (via ActiveSupport::Notifications)
• Internationalization (I18n) support
• Component previews (similar to mailer previews)
Thus, View Component solves the most common problems related to maintaining view components
in Rails applications and in a Rails way. It’s a perfect candidate for introducing a new abstraction layer
to an application that needs to manage complex HTML-based UIs.
Let’s see some of these features by refactoring our custom component to use the View Component library.

View Component by example
As the first step, we can inherit our component class from the View Component base class and drop
the #render_in method—it’s part of the library; we don’t need to worry about such low-level things
anymore. Thus, we have the following Ruby class:
class SearchBox::Component < ViewComponent::Base
  attr_reader :url, :placeholder
  def initialize(
    url:, placeholder: "Search", variant: :full
  )
    @url = url
    @placeholder = placeholder
    @variant = variant
  end
  private def button? = @variant == :full
end

We also renamed action to url and made the #button? method private. Why? Let’s see what
the updated HTML template for the component looks like:
<%= form_with(url:) do |f| %>
  <div>
    <i class="fa fa-search"></i>

Thinking in components

  </div>
  <%= f.search_field :q, placeholder: %>
  <% if button? %>
    <%= f.submit "Search" %>
  <% end %>
<% end %>

The template is rendered within the component context; there’s no need to pass any magic variables
(like we did before with the c variable). The Ruby object and the HTML partial are now inseparable.
This is an elementary example of using the View Component library. So far, it’s not that different
from the hand-crafted componentization we built in the previous section. Let’s explore what else
View Component gives us.

Testing view components
One of the requirements of a good abstraction is to improve the code base’s testability, that is, to make
it easier to add new tests and maintain the existing ones. Since view components are self-contained
by design, we can test them in isolation. We don’t have to write many integration tests to cover all
the UI-related edge cases and increase the coverage and confidence of the test suite by adding more
unit tests for components.
However, since our components are integrated into the Action View rendering pipeline, testing them
requires some effort. Luckily, View Component provides test helpers to hide the internal complexity
of the rendering engine and let us focus on the actual test scenarios.
Let’s write a test for our search box component:
class SearchBox::ComponentTest < ViewComponent::TestCase
  def test_render_default_full
    render_inline(
      SearchBox::Component.new(
        url: "#", placeholder: "Search things"))
    assert_selector "input[type='submit']"
    assert_selector(
      "input[type='search'][placeholder='Search things']"
    )
  end
  def test_render_compact
    render_inline(
      SearchBox::Component.new(
        url: "#", variant: :compact))

227

228

Better Abstractions for HTML Views

    assert_no_selector "input[type='submit']"
  end
end

In the test, we use the #render_inline helper provided by View Component to render the
component with the provided configuration and then assess the rendered HTML contents using
assertion methods provided by Capybara (https://github.com/teamcapybara/capybara).
The best thing about view component tests is that we don’t need any setup or context. Thus, there
is less conceptual overhead for writing such tests, and they are faster to run than integration tests.
View Component goes even further and supports writing browser (system) tests for interactive
components in isolation. I invite the reader to learn about this feature on their own.
Let’s see how we can make our component classes less verbose and more robust.

Dry initializers, I18n, and callbacks
In the SearchBox::Component class we defined earlier, most of the code is the component
initialization. We can reduce this boilerplate by migrating from the imperative way of declaring the
initial state (via #initialize) to the declarative one, or DSL. For that, we can use the dry-initializer
gem (https://dry-rb.org/gems/dry-initializer), which we used in the From fat
models to services section of Chapter 5, When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough.
Let’s start by defining a base class for all view components:
class ApplicationViewComponent < ViewComponent::Base
  extend Dry::Initializer[undefined: false]
end

In general, it’s a good practice to use application-specific base classes for all objects. This way, we can
hide the implementation details related to a particular dependency used as a core for the abstraction.
In our case, we enhance components with the dry-initialize DSL to declare parameters. This is how
our refactored Ruby class for the search box component would look with a dry DSL:
class SearchBox::Component < ApplicationViewComponent
  option :url
  option :placeholder, optional: true
  option :variant, default: proc { :full }
  private def button? = variant == :full
end

Note that we marked the placeholder option as option but didn’t provide a default value (we
had Search in the original version). That’s because we want to keep string literals used in UI in
translation files to make a part of localization, not code.

Thinking in components

View Component integrates with the Rails internationalization system and allows you to store translation
files in the same folder as other components’ source files, thus keeping the component self-contained.
Let’s create a component.yml file with the following contents in the app/views/components/
search_box folder:
en:
  placeholder: "Search"

Now, we can refer to the localized placeholder in the component’s class as follows:
class SearchBox::Component < ApplicationViewComponent
  # ...
  def before_render
    @placeholder ||= t(".placeholder")
  end
end

Due to current technical limitations, it’s only possible to access relative translations at render time.
That’s why we use the #before_render hook to populate the placeholder if it hasn’t been defined
by a user. We can also use this hook to perform parameter validation. Here’s an example:
def before_render
  raise ArgumentError, "Unknown variant: #{variant}" unless
    %i[full compact].include?(variant)
  @placeholder ||= t(".placeholder")
end

This is how we can make our components stricter. It’s possible to add a proper validation system for
view components if the validation use case becomes common in the application’s code base. You
can even use Active Model validations for that or any other library—view components are just Ruby
objects; you can enhance them in any way you want.
However, we should never forget about the cost of adding new features to the abstraction. Both
conceptual and performance overhead must be considered.
In the case of performance, View Component can be up to 10x faster than Rails partials due to the
optimized rendering pipeline. Helpers are the slowest because they cannot be precompiled, unlike
HTML templates. Thus, the more you use helpers in components, the smaller the difference between
partials and view components is in terms of rendering speed.

229

230

Better Abstractions for HTML Views

View components for mixed teams
Bringing UI components to Rails has one important positive side-effect for dual-stack teams and hybrid
applications (with HTML and JavaScript frontends). Both frontend and backend teams start using the
same concepts and speaking the same language regarding UI. This parity increases the overall team
productivity and encourages knowledge sharing between sub-teams.
To sum up, view components help deal with the view layer complexity but also help to improve
communication between different teams responsible for shipping software projects: backend/frontend
engineers and UI/UX designers.

Summary
In this chapter, you’ve learned about the shortcomings of the classic Rails HTML layer, templates, and
partials. You’ve learned how to make the partials interface explicit using template annotations (magic
comments). You’ve familiarized yourself with linting tools for Rails templates and learned how to use
them to reduce coupling between controllers and views.
You’ve learned about design systems and why they must be taken into account when designing a view
layer of a Rails application. You’ve learned about the component-driven approach to building Rails
views. You’ve familiarized yourself with the View Component library and learned how it can help to
build a Rails view layer from self-contained components.
In the next chapter, we will go down to the Infrastructure layer and discuss the techniques to keep
application configuration under control.

Questions
1.

What are the three types of HTML templates in Rails?

2.

What are the two significant weak points of Rails partials? How can we overcome them without
introducing any new abstractions?

3.

What is a design system? How is it reflected in the code base?

4.

What are the primary characteristics of view components?

5.

What’s the difference between a helper, a partial, and a view component?

Further reading
View Component in the Wild (Evil Martians Chronicles): https://evilmartians.com/
chronicles/viewcomponent-in-the-wild-building-modern-rails-frontends

12
Configuration as a First-Class
Application Citizen
In this chapter, we go down the layered architecture and reach the Infrastructure layer; or, more
precisely, the part of it responsible for application configuration. We’ll start by discussing the various
ways we have, in Ruby on Rails applications, to provide configuration values and how this variety
affects the code base’s maintainability.
After that, we’ll talk about different types of configuration parameters, such as settings and secrets,
and why it’s important to distinguish them. Finally, we’ll demonstrate a technique for moving
configuration up the architecture stack and separating the configuration model from data sources
via configuration objects.
We will cover the following topics:
• Configuration sources and types
• Using domain objects to tame configuration complexity
This chapter aims to demonstrate how the object-oriented approach can help to keep application
configuration under control as the code base grows to improve its maintainability.

Technical requirements
In this chapter, and all chapters of this book, the code given in code blocks is designed to be executed
on Ruby 3.2 and Rails 7. Many of the code examples will work on earlier versions of the previously
mentioned software.
You will find the code files on GitHub at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/
Layered-Design-for-Ruby-on-Rails-Applications/tree/main/Chapter12.

232

Configuration as a First-Class Application Citizen

Configuration sources and types
Modern web applications rely on dozens of configuration parameters. The more your application grows
and matures, the harder it is to deal with API keys, encryption secrets, and other settings. Instead,
you need to think about where to store them securely, how to share them with the team, how to rotate
values, and last but not least, how to inject them into the application and access them throughout the
code base. The code aspects of managing configuration are what we talk about in this chapter.
Let’s start with an overview of the configuration providers available in Ruby on Rails.

Files, secrets, credentials, and more
Every Rails application comes with a config/ folder. What can you find there? The actual contents
depend on the chosen Rails components and third-party libraries, but the following three are likely
to present:
• Ruby configuration files (application.rb and environment/*.rb)
• A database configuration file (database.yml)
• Encrypted credentials (credentials.yml.enc)
In Ruby config files, we usually configure the framework itself, for example, choose adapters for Active
Job or Action Mailer or configure the Rack middleware stack.
Credentials are used to store arbitrary, application-specific configuration values. They’re meant for
storing sensitive information, such as API keys, though developers are not restricted from using
them as a single source of configuration truth. Credentials are stored in an encrypted YAML file, so
committing them to a source control system is safe.
That makes delivering production settings and sharing required development configuration information
across the team much easier—just share a master key! You can access the values in the application code
via the application’s singleton object: Rails.application.credentials.my_api_token.
Rails also uses plain YAML files to configure framework components, for example, Active Record
(database.yml) and Action Cable (cable.yml). Why spread configuration between Ruby and
YAML files? Becauase the configuration aspect of the application should be closer to humans than
to machines. We want the configuration to be easily accessible and readable by developers as well
as easily editable (even by less experienced users). We also want to localize the values related to a
particular application component. YAML is a perfect markup language for declaring configuration
values. It has basic data structures and types of support and aliases to share common data, and is
extremely human-friendly.

Configuration sources and types

If you look inside the database.yml file, for example, you can also spot some ENV references there:
default: &default
  pool: <%= ENV.fetch("RAILS_MAX_THREADS") { 5 } %>
  timeout: 5000

Thus, Rails also uses environment variables. This adds yet another (and, going forward, the most
popular) way of providing configuration information for Rails applications.
To summarize, we have at least four configuration providers in Rails applications: Ruby code, YAML
files, credentials, and environment variables. So, where should you put your application configuration?
Statistically, in the Rails world, most teams bet on environment variables. Let’s discuss the pros and
cons of this approach.

Environment variables as a primary configuration source
We can say for sure that, as of the time of writing, environment variables are way ahead of all other
configuration sources. Why did this happen and where that can take you? Let’s see.

The Twelve Factors
Since the appearance of container-based and alike deployment environments (such as Heroku and Docker),
most web applications have adopted the Twelve-Factor App methodology (https://12factor.
net) for developing and deploying software. The methodology describes the best practices for building
software services in the cloud era. For example, one of the rules states the configuration must be stored
in environment variables.
The motivation is simple: keep code independent of configuration values. In other words, do not hardcode
configuration in your source files. That makes running the same distribution (a Docker image or
Heroku slug) possible in different deployment environments (production, staging, and so on).
The separation idea follows the separation of concerns principle—one of the pillars of maintainable
code. However, in practice, going all in with environment variables can quickly lead to a maintainability
disaster—the ENV (or .env) hell.

The ENV hell
Environment variables suit production environments very well. However, we do not manually configure
a Ruby process environment for development and testing. Instead, we use tools to populate the ENV
with the values stored in a file. Thus, to test or run the application locally depending on environment
variables, we must do the following:
• Add a library to load environment variables from files, for example, the dotenv gem (https://
github.com/bkeepers/dotenv).

233

234

Configuration as a First-Class Application Citizen

• Keep the .env file or separate .env.development and .env.test files with the
configuration required for development and testing. Usually, the development configuration
is not stored in source control and is shared between teammates using some external secrets
manager or by word of mouth.
This doesn’t sound like a big deal, right? Now, imagine that over time the number of entries in the
.env file reached a few dozen and no longer fits a single screen on your display. This is the first
sign of approaching the ENV hell—the situation when application configuration becomes barely
comprehendible and negatively affects the development process. The typical symptoms of the ENV
hell besides the ever-growing .env file are as follows:
• Local .env file copies frequently go out of sync across the team, causing hard-to-debug failures
and time wasted to find newly added or updated values
• Relying on ENV in the code base introduces a global state controlled by the outer world that
makes debugging and testing harder (see the Global and current state section in Chapter 4,
Rails Anti-Patterns?)
• Using a schema-less object (ENV) is more error-prone; a typo in the key name may stay
unnoticed (since ENV["UNKNOWN_KEY"] returns nil, which may be an expected behavior)
Another problem with the ENV approach is that we tend to mix configuration values of different kinds
and for various application components. As a result, we lose semantical meanings of parameters; they
all just become strings.
Treating different kinds of configuration parameters differently can help us to reason about where to
keep them. Let’s learn more about these kinds.

Settings and secrets
Putting all the configuration into a single, flat structure hides the nature of the values. We have a melting
pot of sensitive and non-sensitive business logic- and framework-specific parameters in one place.
Let’s look at configuration from a different perspective and split all the parameters into two groups:
settings and secrets.

Settings and sensible defaults
Settings define the technical characteristics of the application and the Rails framework.
For example, we have the WEB_CONCURRENCY, RAILS_MAX_THREADS, and RAILS_SERVE_
STATIC_FILES environment variables to define the web server configuration—these are the framework
settings. They are used by Rails itself as well as third-party libraries following the Rails conventions.
Other examples of framework parameters are adapter settings for Active Job or Action Mailer.

Configuration sources and types

Application settings may control the availability of some components (usually development tools). For
example, when we use Lookbook (https://github.com/ViewComponent/lookbook) to
preview view components (see Chapter 11, Better Abstractions for HTML Views), we toggle it on and
off based on the environment variable in addition to having it always on in development:
config.lookbook_enabled =
  ENV["LOOKBOOK_ENABLED"] == "true" ||
  Rails.env.development?

This way, we make it possible to enable component preview functionality in any environment without
touching the code.
All settings carry one important common property—they have sensible defaults. Even though we
use environment variables, we don’t always have to provide them; the default configuration must be
good enough for most use cases, especially for development and test environments, so we can start
hacking around with the application source code without worrying about where to obtain the required
configuration values.
Sensible defaults are usually hardcoded in the application code (for example, ENV.fetch("RAILS_
MAX_THREADS", 5)) and are rarely changed. In most cases, we define the defaults in the environmentspecific configuration files (for example, config/environment/test.rb). At the same time,
we can tweak the configuration via environment variables if we need to tune the configuration.
To sum up, application settings are non-sensitive, technical parameters for which we must provide
sensible defaults and allow overriding them on the fly (for example, via environment variables). Ruby
configuration files and ENV are good candidates to store this kind of configuration parameter.
Let’s move on and talk about the second group—secrets.

Secrets and sensitive information
Secrets store the configuration required to interact with other systems and services as well as sensitive
data, such as encryption keys.
Secrets can be essential or secondary. For example, a database is vital to the application’s infrastructure;
thus, the database credentials belong to the essential secrets. Secondary secrets include, for example, API
keys for third-party services, which are optional for the application to serve its primary purpose—for
example, analytics tools, instrumentation agents, and similar.

235

236

Configuration as a First-Class Application Citizen

We must design the application in a way that if a secondary secret is missing, we disable the corresponding
service integration and continue operating without it. In contrast, if an essential secret is missing,
the application must not pass the Boot Test—running rails s or rails c must fail. The earlier
developers discover the environment is misconfigured, the quicker they can fix it. The simplest way to
implement a boot test is to add a check to an initializer file. For example, if your application depends
on Amazon Web Services (AWS), you can add the following line to the config/initializers/
aws.rb file:
raise "AWS credentials are missing!" unless ENV["AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID"].
present?

Now, whenever you run your application (either Rails console or server) without the corresponding
environment variable configured, it would fail to boot and tell you why.
By distinguishing between essential and secondary secrets, we can drastically decrease the amount
of configuration required for a minimal application setup and reduce the conceptual overhead for
new engineers on the project.
Finally, although the word secret implies that we store some sensitive information, we also count as
secrets non-sensitive, supporting configuration parameters, such as API hostnames, versions, and
limits. So, where do we keep secrets in a Rails application? Credentials seem like a natural choice for
sensitive information, but storing non-sensitive secrets in an encrypted file is overkill. A service-specific
YAML file fits well to store non-sensitive configuration that is not updated frequently.
So, different configuration types must be treated differently in terms of default values and application
requirements. We also must take into account different runtime environments when designing a
robust configuration system.

Production, development, and local configurations versus data
providers
Ruby on Rails applications come with three preconfigured runtime environments by default: production,
development, and test. The difference is in the framework settings (stored in the respective files in
the config/environments folder) and the application settings in YAML files (each YAML file
has a section for each environment).
For different environments, it makes sense to manage configuration values differently. For example,
tests must not require any configuration to run besides what’s present in the project’s source code.
That simplifies both local development and continuous integration (CI)—the fewer places there are
to synchronize configuration between, the better.
In development, we need a way to share common secrets across the team and, at the same time, provide
an ability to override them locally.

Using domain objects to tame configuration complexity

The way we maintain production configuration highly depends on the deployment platform and the
number of different production environments (yes, there can be many).
Thus, every runtime environment has its own preferences regarding how to maintain configuration.
Combining this with multiple configuration parameter types justifies using different configuration
providers across the application code base: ENV, YAML files (via Rails.application.config_
for), and credentials (via Rails.application.credentials).
However, referring to multiple configuration providers in the application’s code can be confusing:
why do we use credentials over environmental variables and YAML files over hardcoded values in
Ruby files for X feature configuration? We can avoid this confusion if we add the layered architecture
to the equation.

Layered architecture versus configuration
Every configuration provider is an implementation detail; a provider is a part of the Infrastructure
layer. According to the layered architecture principles, we don’t want entities from the top layers (for
example, the Presentation layer) to rely on the infrastructure directly (see the On layered architecture
and abstraction layers section in Chapter 5, When Rails Abstractions Are Not Enough).
Thus, we either need to introduce intermediate objects and build an access chain or we can promote
configuration to the Domain layer by separating data sources from the configuration schema. The latter
means introducing the configuration abstraction layer as a part of our domain model—let’s do that!

Using domain objects to tame configuration complexity
Application configuration complexity arises from the number of configuration parameters, different
data sources, and runtime environments. If we do not take measures, this complexity can quickly
spread like a virus all over the code base and, though hardly noticeable in a particular class or object,
can have a negative cumulative effect on the project’s maintainability.
Thus, the first step toward maintainable configuration is to prevent the spread and localize the
complexity in a single place. We can start with the built-in Rails configuration files.

Separating application code from configuration sources
Let’s consider an example of configuring an imaginary third-party service named Layerize.cake, which
provides an API to generate a layered cake recipe based on given ingredients and specifications using
some AI model under the hood. To use the API, we need to provide a model ID, an API key, and a
callback URL to asynchronously receive results via a webhook (since generation can take a long time).
Let’s decide where to store this information.
In tests, we do not perform real HTTP requests (tests must be isolated from the outer world). Instead,
we can use an HTTP mocking tool, for example, the Webmock gem (https://github.com/

237

238

Configuration as a First-Class Application Citizen

bblimke/webmock), to interrupt HTTP requests and return pre-recorded responses. Thus, we can
hardcode made-up configuration parameters for this service and use them in HTTP stubs in tests.
In development, all the team members may share the same API key and use a shared request bin
service to collect webhooks. Since both the dev API key and the request bin URL are sensitive values,
we can store them in the development credentials. Rails supports per-environment credentials since
v6.0. It’s a perfect way to manage, share and sync team-wide secrets—all you need to share beyond
the source code is the encryption key.
Sometimes, a developer may need to test webhooks locally. For that, they can set up an HTTP tunnel
to consume webhooks on their local machine. That would require providing a custom callback URL,
specific to this local installation. Thus, we need a way to dynamically override the corresponding
configuration parameter. We can use an environment variable for that.
Finally, for production, we must store the API key in a secure place, such as production credentials.
The callback URL and the AI model ID may be stored as plain text.
Given all the preceding, we can use the following configuration sources.
Let’s use a service-specific YAML configuration file to keep all non-sensitive information:
default: &default
   model: "CakeGPT-1.0"
development:
  <<: *default
test:
  <<: *default
  api_key: secret_cake
  callback_url: "http://localhost:3000/callbacks/test"
production:
  <<: *default
  # We use a newer, more expensive, and slower model in
    production
  model: "CakeGPT-2.0"
  callback_url: "https://callbacks.myapp.io/cakes"

We use the aliasing feature of YAML to share common configuration parameters between environments.
Production and development API keys go to the corresponding credential files.
Let’s see how we can access the configuration in the API client code:
class LayerizeClient
  def initialize

Using domain objects to tame configuration complexity

    @api_key = credentials&.api_key || yml_config[:api_key]
    @model = yml_config[:model]
    @callback_url = ENV["LAYERIZE_CALLBACK_URL"] ||
      credentials&.callback_url ||
      yml_config[:callback_url]
  end
  private
  def credentials = Rails.application.credentials.layerize
  def yml_config =
    @yml_config ||= Rails.application.config_for(:layerize)
end

The preceding code is a configuration nightmare. It takes quite some time to understand how we build
the final configuration. What about testing? Every || operator is a logical branching—a separate test
example. This is an example of how configuration complexity affects the code base.
A reasonable question to ask is: How is this better than putting everything into the .env file? We sacrificed
code readability for configuration management, or code quality for developer experience. Luckily, we
don’t have to compromise; we can make both the configuration and the code using it maintainable.

Moving all data sources to YAML
Let’s note that Rails’ #config_for method supports injecting dynamic values via ERB interpolation.
We can use this feature to hide the complexity within the YAML file as follows:
default: &default
   model: "CakeGPT-1.0"
   api_key: <%= Rails.application.credentials.
     layerize&.api_key %>
development:
  <<: *default
  callback_url: <%= ENV.fetch("LAYERIZE_CALLBACK_URL") {
  Rails.application.credentials.layerize&.callback_url } %>
test:
  <<: *default
  api_key: secret_cake
  callback_url: "http://localhost:3000/callbacks/test"
production:
  <<: *default
  # We use a newer, more expensive, and slower model in

239

240

Configuration as a First-Class Application Citizen

    production
  model: "CakeGPT-2.0"
  callback_url: "https://callbacks.myapp.io/cakes"

Now the client code looks more readable because it uses a single source of configuration truth—a
YAML file:
class LayerizeClient
  def initialize
    @api_key = config[:api_key]
    @model = config[:model]
    @callback_url = config[:callback_url]
  end
  private
  def config =
    @config ||= Rails.application.config_for(:layerize)
end

The client code now only knows about the YAML configuration. Can we erase this knowledge? Yes.
Let’s see how.

Using a singleton configuration object
We can go further and move the #config_for call to the application configuration phase and
call it just once. For that, we can extend the Rails application configuration object. In config/
application.rb, we can write the following:
config.layerize = Rails.application.config_for(:layerize)

Now, we can reuse the configuration object (which is just a hash) and avoid double-loading:
class LayerizeClient
  # ...
  private
  def config = Rails.application.config.layerize
end

The configuration object we use in the client source code is no longer coupled with data sources.
This is great—we achieved the separation! However, the readability of our human-friendly YAML
configuration file has suffered. We will learn how to bring back its readability soon.
Now, let’s discuss one special case of the configuration virus spreading not related to data sources
and how to contain it.

Using domain objects to tame configuration complexity

Making the code base environment-free
Accessing configuration sources directly is not how the application code may become coupled with
configuration. In Rails, it’s a common pattern to check for the current runtime environment type
(Rails.application.production? or Rails.application.test?) to tweak the
application’s behavior. In Rails 7.1, a new helper, Rails.application.local?, was added to
indicate one of the two local environments, development or test.
These helpers are typical examples of Rails productivity hacks: helpful at the beginning but costly
to deal with in the long haul. They introduce imparity to the application code and, thus, can result
in production bugs (since some code paths are only executed in specific environments). From this
perspective, the most dangerous helper is the Rails.application.production? one.
Adding a new environment, say, staging, also becomes more complicated since we need to take it into
account in every place in the code base we checked for production and development (staging usually
combines the features of these two).
To avoid such problems, we can replace environment checks with custom configuration options. Let’s
recall our Lookbook example from the Settings and sensible defaults section:
config.lookbook_enabled =
  ENV["LOOKBOOK_ENABLED"] == "true" ||
  Rails.env.development?

The new lookbook_enabled option can be used in the code base to detect whether we use the tool.
The name of the variable clearly communicates its purpose; we also have a sensible default—enable
it in the development environment.
Thus, it’s a good idea to replace environment checks with custom configuration options and only use
the checks to provide sensible defaults.

Enforcing environment-free code with linters
We can turn a strict mode on and programmatically prevent the appearance of environment checks
in the application code by writing a linter. For example, we can write a custom RuboCop (https://
rubocop.org) rule to warn about the Rails.env usage:
module RuboCop
  module Cop
    module Lint
      class RailsEnv < RuboCop::Cop::Cop
        MSG = "Avoid Rails.env in application code, " \
              "use configuration parameters instead"
        def_node_matcher :rails_env?, <<~PATTERN
          (send {(const nil? :Rails) (const (cbase)

241

242

Configuration as a First-Class Application Citizen

            :Rails)} :env)
        PATTERN
        def on_send(node)
          return unless rails_env?(node)
          add_offense(
           node.parent.type == :send ? node.parent : node,
           location: :selector, message: MSG)
        end
      end
    end
  end
end

Add the cop to the .rubocop.yml file and configure it to ignore files from the config/ directory:
require:
  - ./lib/rubocop/cop/lint_rails_env
Lint/RailsEnv:
  Enabled: true
  Exclude:
    - 'config/**/*.rb'

Now, when you run the rubocop command, you can catch the violating code. Say we have the
following code snippet:
client = LayerizeClient.new
client.test_mode = Rails.env.local?

We will see the following output:
$ bundle exec rubocop
Offenses:
W: Lint/RailsEnv: Avoid Rails.env in application code, use
configuration parameters instead
client.test_mode = Rails.env.local?
                             ^^^^^^

In a similar fashion, we can create linting rules to catch other configuration leakages into the source
code and enforce the separation.

Using domain objects to tame configuration complexity

So far, we have figured out how to make the source code free of environment knowledge and configuration
data sources. However, we just swept the complexity under the YAML rug. It’s still in the code base.
Let’s take a step beyond the RailsWay and introduce smart configuration objects to truly eliminate
the configuration complexity.

Using specialized configuration classes
The configuration separation technique described in the previous section has two major downsides:
• We still have the complexity of dealing with multiple data sources in YAML files.
• Configuration information is represented as a Ruby hash and accessed via the global application
configuration object. Thus, the global configuration object (Rails.application.config)
knows about all the services and systems we interact with and is responsible for preparing the
configuration parameters for them.
To overcome these downsides, we can introduce configuration objects—objects providing configuration
information for different services and encapsulating the underlying configuration providers or
data sources.
In Ruby on Rails, we can introduce configuration objects via the Anyway Config library.
What a gem — anyway_config
Anyway Config (https://github.com/palkan/anyway_config) is a configuration
library for Ruby applications that aims to reduce the complexity of dealing with different data
sources and advocates for using named, specialized configuration objects instead of a global
configuration store.
Originally, it was designed to abstract configuration aspects in Ruby gems so users are able to choose
their favorite method of keeping settings (such as files, environments, and external providers). Over
time, it proved to be useful to manage configuration in larger Rails applications, too, since it helps to
manage configuration for different components independently.

Keeping configuration with Anyway Config
With Anyway Config, we treat configuration parameters as part of the domain they belong to. That
is, if we need to manage configuration for feature X, we create a dedicated config object responsible
solely for providing information for this feature.

243

244

Configuration as a First-Class Application Citizen

Example configuration class
Let’s refactor our Layerize service configuration to be backed by a Ruby class:
class LayerizeConfig < ApplicationConfig
  attr_config :api_key, :callback_url,
     model: "CakeGPT 1.0", enabled: true
  required :api_key
end

The LayerizeConfig class defines the configuration schema via the .attr_config method.
Having an explicitly defined configuration interface is a major benefit compared to plain Ruby hashes.
Whenever we need a configuration for the service, we can create a new configuration object as follows:
config = LayerizeConfig.new
pp config
#=>
#<LayerizeConfig
  config_name="layerize"
  env_prefix="LAYERIZE"
values:
  model => "CakeGPT 1.0" (type=defaults),
  enabled => true (type=defaults),
  api_key => "super-secret"
    (type=credentials store=config/credentials.yml.enc),
  callback_url => "https://team.request-bin.dev/layerize"
    (type=credentials store=config/credentials.yml.enc)>

Note that we don’t pass any arguments to the constructor: the config automatically loads from the
known sources using the configuration name. By default, Anyway Config supports loading data from
YAML files, Rails credentials and secrets, and environment variables—and you don’t need to pollute
YAML files with manual values retrieval, so you are able to keep it clear. The config instance provides
introspection into where each value came from (see the pretty print output).
In the configuration class, we can also declare the default values and list the required parameters. If a
required parameter is missing or empty, initializing a configuration object fails:
LayerizeConfig.new(api_key: "")
#=> Anyway::Config::ValidationError: The following config parameters
for `LayerizeConfig(config_name: layerize)` are missing or empty: api_
key

Using domain objects to tame configuration complexity

The base configuration class contains code to access a singleton configuration instance via the
class interface:
class ApplicationConfig < Anyway::Config
  class << self
    delegate_missing_to :instance
    def instance
      @instance ||= new
    end
  end
end

Now we can access the default instance values via class accessors:
LayerizeConfig.api_key #=> "super-secret"

Using configuration objects in code
Given that, we can rewrite our LayerizeClient class as follows:
class LayerizeClient
  def initialize(config: LayerizeConfig)
    @api_key = config.api_key
    @model = config.model
    @callback_url = config.callback_url
  end
end

Note that we pass the configuration object as a constructor argument and use a singleton by default.
That makes it possible to easily create a client with different credentials:
config = LayerizeConfig.new(api_key: "another-key")
LayerizeClient.new(config:)

In the preceding example, we create a new configuration object and override the API key; all other
parameters stay the same (they’re loaded from the sources).

Configuration objects as an abstraction layer
Since configuration objects are just Ruby classes, we can make them be much more than configuration
data containers. For example, we can add custom helper methods, validate parameters, or perform
type casting. Here is how we can do all of these with Anyway Config classes:
class LayerizeConfig < ApplicationConfig
  attr_config :api_key, :callback_url, :enabled,

245

246

Configuration as a First-Class Application Citizen

     model: "CakeGPT 1.0"
  required :api_key
  coerce_types enabled: :boolean
  on_load :validate_model
  def model_version = model.match(/(\d+\.\d+)/)[1]
  private
  def validate_model
    return if model&.match?(/^CakeGPT \d+\.\d+$/)
    raise ArgumentError, "Unknown model: #{model}"
  end
end
LayerizeConfig.new(model: "CakeGPT 1.5").model_version
#=> 1.5
LayerizeConfig.new(model: "CandyLLM 1.0")
#=> ArgumentError: Unknown model: "CandyLLM 1.0"
ENV["LAYERIZE_ENABLED"] = "0"
LayerizeConfig.new.enabled? #=> false

All the features demonstrated previously (validations, type casting, and so on) make the configuration
more powerful. This way, we turn configuration objects into a proper abstraction providing solutions
to many common tasks and encapsulating the implementation details.
Let’s see how this abstraction helps us to reason about where to keep configuration data.

The configuration way with Anyway Config objects
Anyway Config provides you with a common abstraction that suits all cases—now you are free to
mix, match, and override pieces of configuration coming from different sources without additional
conceptual overhead.
Thus, you can keep configuration data in a place where it better fits from a developer experience point
of view. Here is an example convention for storing configuration:
• Store sensitive information in Rails credentials. Teamwide development secrets go into
credentials/development.yml.enc—this is how we simplify onboarding and secrets
synchronization across the team.
• Keep non-sensitive information and test configuration in named YAML configs.

Summary

• Use environment variables if you need to override some parameters.
• Store personal development secrets and settings in *.local.yml and credentials/
local.yml.enc files. Anyway Config loads configuration from these files with a higher priority.
• If you have multiple different production environments (for example, for each regional
deployment), consider using an external configuration provider, such as Doppler (https://
www.doppler.com). No worries, Anyway Config has you covered here, too, via custom
loaders support.
This is the (configuration) way.

Summary
Configuration is one of the critical markers of code base health. In this chapter, you’ve learned how
managing configuration can become a maintainability problem and a productivity bottleneck. You’ve
learned about the built-in Rails mechanisms to provide configuration information. You’ve become
familiar with the Twelve-Factor methodology and how it has made environment variables the most
popular way for storing configuration.
You’ve learned about the problems related to the heavy usage of ENV in the code base. You’ve
learned how to classify configuration parameters into different kinds (settings and secrets) and how
it affects decisions about where to store them. You’ve learned how to separate application code and
configuration sources the Rails way. You’ve also learned how introducing configuration objects helps
to keep configuration under control and provides a better developer experience.
In the next chapter, we will continue exploring the Infrastructure layer and discuss how abstractions
can help with logging, instrumentation, and other technical aspects of the application.

Questions
1.

Where can we store configuration information in a Rails application?

2.

What are the pros and cons of using only environment variables for configuration?

3.

What are the two types of configuration parameters?

4.

Why is it important to separate application code from configuration sources? How can we
achieve this in Rails?

5.

What is a configuration object?

Exercises
Write a RuboCop rule to detect and warn against the direct usage of Rails.application.
credentials in the application’s code base (the app/ folder). Use the Lint/RailsEnv cop
from the Enforcing environment-free code with linters section as an example.

247

13
Cross-Layers and Off-Layers
In this closing chapter, we will provide an overview of various infrastructure concepts in Rails
applications, including logging, monitoring, and exception tracking. We will discuss the benefits of
having conventions and cross-layer abstractions to standardize infrastructure management in Rails
code bases. Finally, we will talk about how a proper level of abstraction can help to extract low-level
implementation from the application to a standalone service.
We will cover the following topics:
• The Rails infrastructure layer and its diversity
• Across the layers – logging and monitoring
• Extracting implementations into services
The goal of this chapter is to get familiarized with the Rails infrastructure layer, learning how adding
mediator abstractions on top of low-level implementations can help to improve an application’s
maintainability and performance.

Technical requirements
In this chapter, and all chapters of this book, the code given in code blocks is designed to be
executed on Ruby 3.2 and Rails 7. Many of the code examples will work on earlier versions of the
aforementioned software.
You will find the code files on GitHub at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/
Layered-Design-for-Ruby-on-Rails-Applications/tree/main/Chapter13.

250

Cross-Layers and Off-Layers

The Rails infrastructure layer and its diversity
When we talk about the infrastructure layer of a Rails application, we mean all the tools and services
that the application relies on and are not part of the business or presentation logic. Infrastructure
components act as a low-level base upon which we build an application. What does this base consist
of? The following list is not exhaustive but should be enough to give you an idea of what belongs to
the infrastructure layer:
• Database adapters
• Third-party API clients
• Caching and storage systems (that is, Active Storage backends)
• Configuration providers (credentials, secrets, and so on)
• Background processing engines (for example, Sidekiq and GoodJob)
• Web servers (for example, Puma and Unicorn) and Rack middleware
• Logging and monitoring tools
As you can see, infrastructure spans the whole application and has different forms and factors. However,
if we take a closer look at how Rails designs infrastructure concepts, we can spot a pattern – there is
usually a framework-level abstraction on top of the actual implementation.

Infrastructure abstractions and implementations
Rails provides powerful APIs and abstractions for us to use to craft web applications. For example,
Active Record and Active Model help to design an application’s domain logic without thinking about
the underlying database management; Active Storage encapsulates everything related to handling and
serving file uploads, with just a single declaration in a model (for example, has_one_attached
:file).
At the same time, these high-level APIs are built on top of lower, framework-level abstractions (or
maybe multiple levels of them). If we dig deeper, we will eventually reach low-level, implementationspecific components (usually provided by third-party dependencies). For example, for Active Record,
the lowest level would be a database driver. For Active Storage, it would be an image transformation
tool or a cloud storage API client.
The abstraction distance (the number of in-between abstractions before we reach the actual
implementation) can be big in Rails. It’s highly unlikely that we ever need to go in too deep and reach
for implementations. There is always a framework-level interface on the way down that should meet
our needs.

Across the layers – logging and monitoring

In Active Record, for example, we can use an ActiveRecord::Base.connection object to
perform arbitrary database operations. It’s still not the actual database connection wrapper (which is
database-specific) but, instead, an infrastructure abstraction provided by the framework.
And here lies the most significant difference – implementations are not owned by our application or
the framework, while infrastructure abstractions are. Why is this important? Having more control
over the components we rely upon and having in-between abstractions on top of implementations
makes our code base more robust to low-level interface changes.
In Chapter 3, More Adapters, Less Implementations, we discussed design patterns in detail, such as
adapters and wrappers, which Rails use to define infrastructure abstractions for Active Job and Active
Storage. We didn't use the term infrastructure there because it is introduced further in the book, but
that’s exactly what we are talking about – how to introduce an infrastructure abstraction to draw a
line between the code base/framework and an implementation.
In the rest of this chapter, we will talk about other use cases and the implications of bringing abstractions
to the infrastructure layer. Let’s start with cross-layer infrastructure components.

Across the layers – logging and monitoring
Infrastructure components can be divided into ones that power the application features and the
ones that serve the production team’s needs. The latter group includes visibility and observability
functionality, such as logging and monitoring.
Logging and monitoring can be attached to any architecture layer of an application. That’s why we
call the corresponding abstraction layers the cross-layers. What abstractions can they have? Let’s
start with the logging layer.

Logging
Logging is essential for any software, since it provides visibility to the events that happen within the
application. We scan logs to look for errors, warnings, and events preceding them, to learn about the
current application state (configuration) and system-wide events, or even to figure out how users
interact with the application.
Rails comes with the essential log support out of the box. Depending on the log level, you may see
the following events in the log stream – HTTP request information, the database queries performed,
the Action Cable broadcasts made, and so on.
However, for your custom logic, it’s up to you how and where to introduce logging. Let’s see what
options we have.

251

252

Cross-Layers and Off-Layers

All you need is Logger
The simplest way to add logging to your code, especially in a development environment, is to drop a
puts "smth" statement. Let’s consider an example – a simple service object to fetch the number
of GitHub stars for a given repository.
Let’s also assume that we want to provide visibility of the requests made and their statuses. Then, the
code will look like this:
class GitStarsFetcher
  URL_TEMPLATE = https://api.github.com/repos/%s/%s
  def stars_for(org, repo)
    puts "Fetching stars for: #{org}/#{repo}"
    uri = URI(URL_TEMPLATE % [org, repo])
    res = Net::HTTP.get_response(uri)
    stars = JSON.parse(res.body).fetch("stargazers_count")
    puts "Stars fetched successfully: #{stars}"
    stars
  rescue Net::HTTPError, JSON::ParserError => error
    puts "Failed to fetch stars: #{error.message}"
  end
end

Now, whenever we use the service, we see the logs printed in a standard output like this:
GitStarsFetcher.new.stars_for("rails", "rails")
#=> Fetching stars for: rails/rails
#=> Stars fetched successfully: 52998

Can we say that we increased the visibility? Sure. What about the quality of this solution? It’s far from
perfect – no context information (such as timestamps), no control over the logging device (where
to print logs), no way to turn logs off for a particular environment, and so on. Logging is a bit more
sophisticated than just printing information on a screen.
Also, by using puts, we make our code dependent on the actual logging implementation; there is
no intermediate abstraction. Thus, the service object becomes responsible for all logging aspects.
Luckily, we don’t need to reinvent the wheel and can use an abstraction that is a part of the Ruby
standard library – a logger object. That’s what Rails uses under the hood and exposes via the Rails.
logger method, so you can use it in your code.
Let’s rewrite our GitStarsFetcher class to use a logger:
class GitStarsFetcher
  def stars_for(org, repo)

Across the layers – logging and monitoring

    Rails.logger.debug "Fetching stars for: #{org}/#{repo}"
    # ...
    Rails.logger.debug "Stars fetched successfully:
      #{stars}"
    stars
  rescue Net::HTTPError, JSON::ParserError => error
    Rails.logger.debug "Failed to fetch stars:
      #{error.message}"
  end
end

Executing the updated version will result in the following logs being printed:
GitStarsFetcher.new.stars_for("anycable", "anycable")
#=> D, [2023-06-16T17:17:59] DEBUG -- : Fetching stars for:
  anycable/anycable
#=> D, [2023-06-16T17:18:00] DEBUG -- : Stars fetched
  successfully: 1760

Now, our log messages have timestamps attached and a logging level defined (so we can control the
program’s output verbosity). Our service object no longer cares about where logs should go either –
Rails.logger is set up once in the application configuration. Besides levels and outputs, we can
also configure a log formatter (for example, to implement structured logging), although this topic is
out of the scope of this book.
Ruby’s Logger class is the perfect abstraction for dealing with logs. Rails makes it even better by
enhancing its functionality. Let’s look at one of the extensions – tagged logging.

Tags for logs
By default, Rails.logger has the ActiveSupport::TaggedLogging module mixed in.
This module allows you to define log tags (arbitrary strings), which are prepended to every message
logged. Tags help you to filter logs related to a particular execution context.
Rails allows you to define global tags via configuration. For example, you can (and should in production)
add request identifiers as tags by adding the following to your configuration:
config.log_tags = [:request_id]

We can also add a proc object to the list of tags. It will be used to extract tags from requests:
config.log_tags = [
  :request_id,
  proc { |request| request.headers["X-USER-ID"] }
]

253

254

Cross-Layers and Off-Layers

We can see log tags in action by performing an HTTP request with the corresponding headers provided
(a request identifier can be provided via the "X-Request-ID" header):
Get "/", headers: {"X-Request-ID" => "req-1",
  "X-User-ID" => "42"}
#=> INFO -- : [req-1] [42] Started GET "/" at 2023-06-16
#=> INFO -- : [req-1] [42] Completed 200 OK in 7ms

Note
The log timestamps are omitted from the preceding example output.
Any callable Ruby object can be used as a tag extractor, not only a proc instance. Hence, we can say
that a log tag extractor is yet another abstraction that helps us to provide a better logging experience.
You can also tag logs from code, either by creating a logger instance copy or by wrapping some execution
with the logger.tagged(tags) { … } block. Let’s refactor our GitStarsClient class to
use a tagged logger:
class GitStarsFetcher
  private attr_reader :logger
  def initialize
    @logger = Rails.logger.tagged("
  end

")

  def stars_for(org, repo)
    logger.debug "Fetching stars for: #{org}/#{repo}"
    stars = # ...
    logger.debug "Stars fetched successfully: #{stars}"
    stars
  end
end

We created a custom logger object with the " " tag attached to be used within the service object.
That makes our logs more beautiful (don’t repeat this in production, though):
GitStarsFetcher.new.stars_for("test-prof", "test-prof")
#=> DEBUG -- : [ ] Fetching stars for: test-prof/test-prof
#=> DEBUG -- : [ ] Stars fetched successfully: 1668

To sum up, Rails comes with a comprehensive logging system with many abstractions involved to help
you better utilize an application’s logs. However, some events require a different level of attention from
developers and, thus, must be captured differently from other log events. Let’s talk a bit about exceptions.

Across the layers – logging and monitoring

Exception tracking
Exceptions are inevitable. No matter how hard you try to keep your code 100% correct, there are
still many other factors you cannot control, such as user input, external APIs and services, and the
operating system you run your application within.
Your goal is not to write software that makes exceptions impossible but to write software that knows
how to make developers and users aware of unexpected situations. Awareness is the key to stability.
That’s why exceptions must be treated with special care.
First, we need a way to notify about exceptions in real or near-real time. The quicker we react to a
problem, the fewer users will be affected by it. Secondly, failure reports must provide as much context as
possible to help us narrow down potential root causes. Such context may include call stacks, execution
environment metadata, and system information.
Similar to logging, Rails and its ecosystem has us covered with regard to exception tracking. All we
need to do is choose an exception monitoring tool (Sentry or Honeybadger, to name a few) and install
the corresponding Rails plugin (a Ruby gem). All the exceptions that occur in our application and are
not rescued by us will be captured and reported to the monitoring system. What if we need to report
an exception manually (for example, when we want to stop propagation and be rescued from it)?
Since Rails 7.0, we no longer need to pollute our code with implementation-specific exception tracking
code (for example, Sentry.capture or Honeybadger.report). Now, we can use a universal
error-reporting interface, accessible via the Rails.error object.
Let’s demonstrate how Rails’ error reporter works by adding the corresponding functionality to our
GitStarsFetcher class:
class GitStarsFetcher
  # ...
  def stars_for(org, repo)
    logger.debug "Fetching stars for: #{org}/#{repo}"
    stars = # ...
    logger.debug "Stars fetched successfully: #{stars}"
    stars
  rescue Net::HTTPError, JSON::ParserError => error
    Rails.error.report(error, handled: true)
    logger.error "Failed to fetch stars: #{error.message}"
  end
end

We only added a single line to report an exception. The code stays implementation-agnostic – it doesn’t
matter which monitoring tool we use; the code stays the same.

255

256

Cross-Layers and Off-Layers

If this book targeted Rails <7, we would dedicate this section to implementing such universal errorreporting abstraction ourselves. In modern Rails, it’s no longer needed. Therefore, we can jump right
to the next topic – instrumentation.

Instrumentation
Instrumentation implies collecting and exposing (in a machine-readable format) vital characteristics
or metrics of the software under consideration. Instrumenting a code base means adding specific
code to track such metrics.
What characteristics are vital for a Rails web application? There are universal metrics for all Rails
applications, such as request latencies and queueing times, database query times, background processing
queue sizes, and Ruby VM statistics (object allocations and garbage collection information). There
are also underlying system metrics, such as RAM and CPU usage. Finally, you can add your custom
metrics to monitor characteristics specific to your application.
As with logging and exception tracking, existing Rails plugins allow you to instrument frameworklevel functionality (HTTP requests and background jobs) without a single line of code. And again, as
in previous sections, our work begins as soon as we need to instrument our application code.
Let’s see how we can instrument our code by following Rails’ design patterns.

Active Support Notifications
Rails comes with a built-in instrumentation framework – Active Support Notifications. This framework
provides an API to publish and subscribe to events happening in an application while it’s running
(for example, Rails instrument database queries and HTML template rendering), so you can listen to
these events and perform some side effects, such as the following:
ActiveSupport::Notifications.subscribe("sql.active_record")
  do |event|
  puts "SQL: #{event.payload[:sql]}"
end
User.first
#=> SQL: SELECT * FROM users ORDER BY id ASC LIMIT ?

We can use Active Support Notifications to instrument our code, too. Let’s continue using our previous
example and instrument HTTP calls within the GitStarFetcher class:
class GitStarsFetcher
  # ...
  def stars_for(org, repo)
    uri = URI(URL_TEMPLATE % [org, repo])
    payload = {repo: "#{org}/#{repo}"}

Across the layers – logging and monitoring

    ActiveSupport::Notifications.instrument(
     "fetch_stars.gh", payload) do
      response = Net::HTTP.get_response(uri)
      stars = JSON.parse(response.body)
                  .fetch("stargazers_count")
      payload["stars"] = stars
    end
  rescue Net::HTTPError, JSON::ParserError => error
    Rails.error.report(error, handled: true)
  end
end

We wrapped an HTTP request execution into the Notification.instrument block and passed
the event name ("http.git_stars") and an additional context (the repository name). Now, we
can subscribe to this event anywhere in our code base and process the instrumentation information:
ActiveSupport::Notifications.subscribe("fetch_stars.gh") do
  puts("repo=#{_1.payload[:repo]} " \
    "stars=#{_1.payload[:stars]} duration=#{_1.duration}")
end
GitStarsFetcher.new.stars_for("rails", "rails")
#=> repo=rails/rails stars=53001 duration=0.63

As you can see, Active Support Notifications automatically measure the duration of the instrumented
block execution, which can be a useful piece of information for us – our vital characteristic.
But where have our log statements gone? Adding instrumentation doesn’t mean we no longer need
logs; however, instrumentation can also be used to record logs. We even have a dedicated abstraction
in Rails – log subscribers.

Log subscribers
A log subscriber is an object that listens for events from a particular source via Active Support Notifications.
What is a source? It’s the second part (after the dot) of the event name. It’s a Rails convention to define
event sources this way. Having an event type as a prefix of the full event name makes it possible to
subscribe to similar events from different sources using a wildcard (for example, "sql.*").
Let’s define a log subscriber for GitHub-related events:
class GHLogSubscriber < ActiveSupport::LogSubscriber
  def fetch_stars(event)
    repo = event.payload[:repo]
    ex = event.payload[:exception_object]
    if ex

257

258

Cross-Layers and Off-Layers

      error do
        "Failed to fetch stars for #{repo}: #{ex.message}"
      end
    else
      debug do
        "Fetched stars for #{repo}: #{event.payload[:stars]} (#{event.
duration.round(2)}ms)"
      end
    end
  end
end

For every event type we want to log, we define a public method with the corresponding name
(#fetch_stars). The method accepts an event object, which we can use to generate a log message.
Active Support Notifications dispatches events even if an exception occurred during the instrumented
code execution. In this case, the :exception_object and :exception keys are added to the
event’s payload. We can use them to distinguish successful events from failures and log them differently.
To activate our subscriber, we must attach it to the source:
GHLogSubscriber.attach_to :gh

After the log subscriber has been attached, it will produce logs every time the event is triggered:
GitStarsFetcher.new.stars_for("rails", "rails")
#=> DEBUG -- : Fetched stars for rails/rails: 53009 (48ms)

Now, let’s go back to our initial monitoring task – we need a way to expose the collected instrumentation
data to a monitoring service.

Abstracting monitoring services from instrumentation data
Simply logging instrumentation events doesn’t give us observability. We need to put the collected
data into a system that will help us to analyze the information and give us insights into the system’s
state as a whole.
Most monitoring tools provide APIs to ingest metrics manually. So, we could put an implementationspecific code into a subscriber block to do that. Doing so will have the following drawbacks. Performing
ingestion right from the subscriber can result in performance degradation since subscribers are
executed synchronously right after an event has occurred.
Also, some instrumentation data requires aggregation before it can be pushed into a collecting system
(for example, histogram calculation). Finally, putting implementation-specific code to every subscriber
(if we have many custom metrics) makes the code base coupled with this implementation.

Across the layers – logging and monitoring

We need a universal way to define metrics and their types, with the ability to ingest collected information
into any monitoring data store. In the Ruby world, we have a tool for that called Yabeda.
What a gem – yabeda
Yabeda (https://github.com/yabeda-rb/yabeda) is an instrumentation framework
for Ruby applications that provides both metrics collection plugins for popular libraries (Rails,
Sidekiq, AnyCable, and so on) as well as different metrics-exporting adapters (Prometheus,
DataDog, and so on). With Yabeda, you declare and update metrics via a standard API not
coupled with any monitoring system.
Let’s finish our GitStarFetcher example by introducing Yabeda-managed metrics.
First, we need to declare the metrics somewhere in the application initialization code (say, config/
initializers/metrics.rb):
Yabeda.configure do
  counter :gh_stars_call_total
  counter :gh_stars_call_failed_total
  histogram :gh_stars_call_duration, unit: :millisecond
end

We defined two counters and a histogram. Yabeda follows Prometheus (https://prometheus.
io) conventions for metrics data types, since they cover the most common use cases and are compatible
with many monitoring systems.
After we configure metrics, we can update them from a notifications subscriber as follows:
ActiveSupport::Notifications.subscribe("fetch_stars.gh") do
  Yabeda.gh_stars_call_total.increment({})
  if _1.payload[:exception]
    Yabeda.gh_stars_call_failed_total.increment({})
  else
    Yabeda.gh_stars_call_duration.measure({}, _1.duration)
  end
end

Finally, you will need to install a Yabeda exporter plugin for your monitoring system. And that’s it!
You now have an implementation-agnostic instrumentation system in your application.
Note that even though Yabeda provides an abstract way of collecting instrumentation data, we still
don’t use it directly in our code but through Active Support Notifications. This way, we separate generic
instrumentation from updating specific metrics. We already saw how it can be used for logging, for
instance. Finally, making the application code dependent only on Rails makes our code closer to the
Rails Way with all its benefits.

259

260

Cross-Layers and Off-Layers

Extracting implementations into services
Having low-level implementation separated from the application-level interface via intermediate
abstractions has one more interesting positive effect worth mentioning in this book.
When the abstraction distance is high, it can be possible not only to switch from one implementation
library to another in a Ruby application but also to move the implementation, and even some
infrastructure abstractions, to a separate service without affecting the rest of the application’s code base.
What could the motivation for splitting a majestically monolithic Rails application into multiple
services be? Performance. There are some load scenarios in which Rails and Ruby do not act as the
best performers. Extracting low-level, logic-less functionality into a heavily optimized service away
from Rails can drastically increase the scalability of your application, and proper abstractions can
make performing such a migration transparent
Let’s take a quick look at a couple of examples of such services.

Separating WebSockets from Action Cable with AnyCable
AnyCable (https://anycable.io) can be used as an alternative WebSocket server for Action
Cable. Being written in Go and optimized for concurrency, it can handle many times more simultaneous
clients and provide a better real-time experience (for example, latency) while using fewer system
resources than Action Cable.
However, the most important (for Rails applications) feature of AnyCable is being a drop-in replacement
for the Action Cable – that is, your application code (channel classes) stays the same when you switch
from Action Cable to AnyCable.
Such interoperability is possible due to the design of Action Cable. The distance between your business
logic defined in channel classes and low-level WebSocket handling is high enough to make it possible
to replace internal Action Cable infrastructure abstractions (a server, an event loop, and so on) with
an external service.
Finally, having the broadcasting logic adapterized helps you to easily integrate any third-party publishsubscribe implementation to deliver messages from Rails to WebSocket clients.
The following diagram shows the difference between the Action Cable and AnyCable
underlying infrastructures:

Figure 13.1 – Action Cable versus AnyCable infrastructure components

Extracting implementations into services

As you can see, the channel abstraction stays as the invariant. If it had an explicit dependency on any
of the components from the upper branch (for example, a server), it wouldn’t be so simple to extract
WebSocket connection handling from Rails.
Let’s move on to another example of leveraging well-designed abstractions for service extraction.

Processing images on the fly and off Rails
Active Storage comes with everything you need to work with user-uploaded files. When it comes to
images, Active Storage allows you to easily generate variants (or representations). All you need is to define
the required transformations when providing an URL to fetch an image. The actual transformation
happens on the fly – the first time the image is requested.
Let’s see which URLs Rails generates for Active Storage blobs and representations. Assuming that we
have the User class with has_one_attached :avatar, the following URLs will be constructed
for accessing a user’s avatar:
url_for user.avatar
#=> http://example.com/rails/active_storage/blobs/redirect
   /eyJfcmFpbHMiOnsibW...--76325a8eb0da9d85/me.png
url_for user.avatar.variant(resize: "200x150")
#=> http://example.com/rails/active_storage/representations
    /redirect/eyJfcmFpbHMiO...--85e1c8f4fe/me.png

We can see that both URLs start with "/rails/active_storage". Routes with the "/rails"
prefix are internal Rails routes – that is, they’re served by the framework controllers. By default, Rails
doesn’t provide a direct access link to files stored with Active Storage. Instead, it serves files via the
application. Why? First, this is how on-the-fly image transformation is implemented. Second, it’s
a security concern – we need to verify access (the Base64-encoded part of the URL is a signed
attachment identifier).
The URLs also contain the "/redirect" part. It instructs Active Storage to respond with a redirect
response with the actual attachment URL after performing transformation (if needed) and authorization.
Redirecting is not the only available mode; Active Storage also supports proxying files (useful when
working with Content Delivery Networks (CDNs)). The behavior is controlled via the config.
active_storage.resolve_model_to_route option.
Why did we dig so deep into the Active Storage internals? We need to find a level of abstraction at
which we can inject our custom logic of serving Active Storage-backed files.
We’re interested in optimizing image transformation. Even though Rails performs conversion on the
fly and allows you to use modern image manipulation libraries (such as libvips), requests are still
served by a Rails web server, typically Puma, which has limited throughput. For applications with a
high rate of image uploads, serving them via Active Storage may negatively affect the overall application
performance (since the web server resources are shared by all kinds of requests).

261

262

Cross-Layers and Off-Layers

In this case, we can benefit from moving image transformation to a separate service, such as imgproxy
(https://imgproxy.net). And, thanks to Active Storage design, we can do this transparently
by implementing a custom resolve_model_to_route logic.
The value we provide with resolve_model_to_route is the name of a route helper used to
resolve URLs from objects. We must define it in the routes.rb file:
Rails.applications.routes.draw do
  direct :imgproxy_active_storage do |model, options|
    expires = options.delete(:expires_in) do
      ActiveStorage.urls_expire_in
    end
    # Serve originals via the built-in Rails proxy
    if model.respond_to?(:signed_id)
      route_for(
        :rails_service_blob_proxy,
        model.signed_id(expires_in: expires),
        model.filename,
        options
      )
    else
      options = {expires:, filename: model.filename}
      # TODO: options.merge!(variation_to_imgproxy)
      model.blob.imgproxy_url(**options)
    end
  end
end

The route helper defined previously looks very similar to the ones implemented by Active Storage (you
can find them in the Rails source code). The only difference is that when the passed object is a variant,
we return an imgproxy URL. Note that the previous implementation is just a proof of concept.
We still need to figure out how to convert the variation’s transformations into imgproxy parameters
and filter out non-image files. However, that is the only change we need to introduce into our code
base to switch image transformation from Rails to an external proxy.
Now, you can, for example, enable imgproxy integration by simply changing the configuration:
config.active_storage.resolve_model_to_route =
  :imgproxy_active_storage
url_for user.avatar
#=> http://example.com/rails/active_storage/
blobs/proxy/eyJfcmFpbHMiOnsibW...--76325a8eb0da9d85/me.png

Summary

url_for user.avatar.variant(resize: "200x150")
#=> https://imgproxy.example.com/
   wluZbsrqmY4/fn:me.png/aHR.../ZWIwZGE5ZDg1L21l/LnBuZw

The extraction examples we explored demonstrate how having proper abstraction levels helps to scale
Rails applications beyond Ruby and Rails capabilities. Although we only covered use cases of replacing
Rails parts with external services, the idea can be extrapolated to your code base – just keep this in
mind when you design your abstraction layers.

Summary
In this chapter, you familiarized yourself with the infrastructure layer of a Rails application and its
diversity. You learned how Rails uses abstractions to keep the framework and applications built with
it less dependent on implementations.
You learned about different visibility concepts, such as logging, exception tracking, and monitoring, and
how to implement them in Rails without making the code base highly coupled with the implementation of
the corresponding service. You learned through examples when it’s worth extracting low-level functionality
into separate services and how well-designed abstractions make the process of extraction smooth.
This chapter finishes our journey through abstraction layers in a Rails application. We started by
learning about the framework itself, the ideas, and the design techniques behind it. Then, we spiced
up this knowledge with the layered architecture concept to come up with the final recipe – introducing
abstraction layers into a Rails application, or the Extended Rails Way recipe (as we called it at the very
beginning of the book).
The recipe’s ingredients are as follows:
• Stay on the Rails Way. Learn how the framework works and reuse its patterns and building blocks.
• Use layered architecture ideas. Architecture layers help to separate abstraction layers and
define boundaries.
• Perform complexity analysis, identify abstractions in your code, and gradually extract them
into full-featured layers. Avoid premature abstraction and over-abstraction.
Feel free to use this topic, and don’t hesitate to experiment with the ingredients. Remember – there
is no single correct way of designing software.

Questions
1.

What is the primary difference between the infrastructure layer and other architecture layers?

2.

What infrastructure components are present in all Rails applications?

3.

What is the abstraction distance?

263

264

Cross-Layers and Off-Layers

4.

What’s the purpose of logging?

5.

What is the difference between logging and exception tracking?

6.

What is instrumentation?

7.

What is the main reason to extract some infrastructure concepts from a Rails application into
a standalone service?

Index
A
abstraction 16, 17
pattern, turning into 107, 108
abstraction distance 250
abstraction layers 5, 95, 97
properties 5
Action Mailer
implementing 194
in layered architecture 195-197
migrating, to multiple notification
channels 194
notification channels, adding 197, 198
Action Policy 180
action templates 214
activation callback 51
Active Delivery 202
deliveries and notifiers, testing 205, 206
SMS notifier, adding 204, 205
using 202-204
versus Noticed 206-208
Active Job 41
queues, adapterizing 43-45
serialization 45-48
using, as universal queue interface 42
Active Job test adapter
benefits 44

Active Model 30
used, for form objects abstraction 131, 132
using, for Active Record-like experience 38
using, as Active Record satellite 33-36
using, as interface 30-33
versus Struct 36, 37
Active Record callbacks 62, 63
operations and event handlers 66-68
transformers and utility callbacks 64-66
Active Record Repository abstraction 117
Active Record Slotted Counters 66
Active Storage 41, 48
adapters 49, 50
adapters, versus plugins 50-52
components 49
plugins 49, 50
Active Support Notifications 256, 257
adapters 51
using 54, 55
ad hoc abstraction 199, 200
pluggable architecture, for
notifications 201, 202
Amazon Web Services (AWS) 236
anemic model 94
AnyCable 260
URL 260
WebSockets, separating from

266

Index

Action Cable 260, 261
application code, separating from
configuration sources 237-239

C

code base environment-free, creating 241
data sources, moving to YAML 239, 240
environment-free code, enforcing
with linters 241-243

callable object 91
callback 58
Active Record callbacks 62-64
adding, to decompose submission
actions 132-134

singleton configuration object, using 240
A Relational Algebra (Arel) 115
and reusable query objects 112-116
argument serialization 45
attractor 39
attribute-based access control
(ABAC) model 176-178

controlling 58-62
normalization callback 65
CanCanCan 17
churn rate 104
classic authorization models 173
attribute-based access control
(ABAC) 176-178

authentication 170
authorization 169, 170
abstraction layer, shaping for 180
in views 184
versus form fields 185, 186, 187
versus testability 183, 184
authorization enforcement 178
seamless authorization
enforcement 182, 183

role-based access control (RBAC) 174
click, journey through Rails
abstraction layers 4

authorization layer 169
authorization models 169, 172
classic authorization models 173
domain-less authorization models 173
authorization, performance
implications 187
N+1 authorization problem, in
representation layer 187-189
scoping-based authorization 189, 190
authorization rules 178

B
background jobs
need for 13, 14

controllers 12
Rack 6, 7
Rack configuration file 8-11
Rails routing 11
web requests, to abstraction layers 5, 6
code organization
with query objects, versus
architecture layers 116, 117
Common Gateway Interface (CGI) 7
communication models 4
components
partials and helpers, converting to 223
components, using as Ruby objects 223
HTML for components 224
source files, organizing 225
concerns 69
configuration objects 243
configuration providers
credentials 232, 233
environment variables, as primary
configuration source 233
third-party libraries 232

Index

constraints 29
Content Delivery Networks (CDNs) 261
continuous integration (CI) 236
controller 12
convention 109
in query objects 109, 110
convention over configuration (CoC) 32
custom RuboCop
URL 241

D
database 16
performance 16, 17
database consistency 29
database-level abstractions 18, 19
database validations 29
decompose submission actions
callbacks, adding to 132-134
delegate object 76
delivery line 202
delivery objects 202
denormalization 65
design systems 220
on Rails 220, 221
developer experience (DX) 224
domain-driven design (DDD) 116
domain-driven design (DDD) paradigm 96
domain-less authorization models 173
domain objects
using, to tame configuration complexity 237
domain services 116
domain-specific language (DSL) 27
Don’t Repeat Yourself (DRY) 71
Doppler
reference link 247
dotenv gem
reference link 233
downstream 68

downward extraction 77
dry-container gem
reference link 120
duck typing 31

E
ENV 233, 234
event handler 67
exceptions 255
tracking 255
execution context 15

F
facades 157
FastCGI
reference link 7
fat controllers
example 86-88
refactoring 89, 90
to fat models 86
fat models
to service objects 91-94
fibers 13
reference link 13
Flog 39
fluent API 104
fly and off Rails
images, processing on 261-263
form-controller-model relationship
scaffolding 122-124
form fields
versus authorization 185, 186, 187
form objects abstraction
using, Active Model 131, 132
form objects Action View
making, user friendly 134, 135
frozen record 38

267

268

Index

G
generic services 94, 95
global state 78
controlling, with current object 78-82
Global Virtual Machine Lock (GVL) 13
God objects
seeking 38, 39
granular abstractions 95

H
Hanami Model
URL 25
Hash 7
helpers 151, 152
examples 151, 152
Hotwire
reference link 4
HTTP pre-/post-processing layer 11

I
identification 170
images
processing, on fly and off Rails 261-263
imgproxy
URL 262
infrastructure layer, Rails 250
abstractions 250, 251
exceptions tracking 255, 256
implementations 250, 251
instrumentation 256
logging 251
instrumentation 256
instrumentation data
monitoring services, abstracting
from 258, 259

instrumentation framework
Active Support Notifications 256, 257
interactor 91
reference link 91

J
Jbuilder 163
reference link 163
jobs 14
as units of work 14, 15
JSON
templatifying, via Jbuilder 163
JSON responses
#as_json, using 162, 163
model, to JSON 162

L
layered architecture 95
application layer 96
domain layer 96
example 96
infrastructure layer 96
presentation layer 96
relationship, with abstraction layers 96-98
versus configuration 237
layering 5
leaky abstraction 17
local configurations
versus data providers 236, 237
logger object
using 252, 253
logging 251
log subscribers 257, 258
log tags
defining 253, 254

Index

Lookbook
reference link 235

M
mailers 194
middleware 10
model-less forms 139, 140
models
decoupling from views, with presenters 150
extracting, from models 74
query objects, used for extracting
queries from 104-06
value objects, extracting from 74, 75
versus UI forms 122
monitoring services
abstracting, from instrumentation
data 258, 259
multi-model forms 137-139
multi-model presenters 155
example 155, 156, 157
MVC framework 12

N
N+1 authorization problem
in representation layer 187-189
normalization callback 65
notification objects 208
notifications layer
ad hoc abstraction 199
extracting 198
responsibilities 198
third-party libraries, using to
manage notifications 202
notifiers 202

O
object-oriented (OO) approach 94
object-relational mapping (ORM) 23, 94
objects
extracting, from objects 73
omakase 42
open/closed presenter 154
over-abstraction 206

P
page objects 157
parameterized module approach 114
params filtering 136
partials 214
policy-based access control (PBAC) 178
policy classes
conventions 181, 182
policy objects 178, 179
extracting 179, 180
PostgreSQL database
URL 34
Prometheus
URL 259

Q
queues 14
adapterizing 43-45

269

270

Index

R
Rack 6, 7
Rails
design system 220, 221
HTML in applications, managing 215
infrastructure layer 250
View Component 214
Rails abstraction layers 4
versus, architecture layers 97
Rails application
routing 11
Rails concerns
behavior, extracting 70, 71
concerning 68-70
non-shared concerns 71, 72
Ruby modules 73
Rails Event Store
URL 68
relations 26
remote peers 67
repositories
domain and persistence,
separating with 117-120
repository object 117
request 4
requests per minute (RPM) 13
requests per second (RPS) 13
resource-specific templates
action templates 214
partials 214
reusable query objects
and Arel 112-116
role-based access control (RBAC) model 174
role explosion 176
roles, as permission sets 175, 176
rubanok 144

Ruby modules
caveats 73
Ruby Object Mapper (ROM) 117
URL 26
Ruby on Rails 3
Ruby’s TracePoint API
reference link 8
rufus-scheduler 16

S
scheduled jobs 15
scopes
versus query objects 110, 111
scoping-based authorization 189, 190
seamless authorization
enforcement 182, 183
sensitive information 235, 236
separation of concerns (SoC) principle 86
serialization 46, 163
serializers 46, 149, 161
serializers, as API presenters 163
Plain Ruby serializer 163, 164
serializer, as abstraction 164-166
services
implementations, extracting into 260
settings 234, 235
specialized configuration classes
configuration, keeping with
Anyway Config 243
using 243
store model 35
strong parameters
versus form objects 135-137
structs 26

Index

T
tag extractor 254
tagged logging 253
technical/utility callbacks 65
templates
locals, accepting via partials 218, 219
partials, linting with erb-linit 219, 220
using 218
testability 105
versus authorization 183, 184
thin controllers
and fat models 86
thin/fat models 86
threads
selecting 13
transforming callback 64
Twelve Factors 233
reference link 233

U
UI forms
versus models 122
UI kit
partials and helpers 221, 222
UI, without programming interface 215-217
controllers, stitching with templates
via instance variables 217, 218
templates 218
units of work 5
universal error-reporting interface 255
upward extraction 78
user-driven querying 140
user form
InvitationsController, creating 124, 125
notifications, adding to equation 125-128
RegistrationsController, creating 124, 125

User model 150
user notification preferences
Bit fields and value objects 209, 210
modeling 208
storing 210, 211
storing, in separate table 211, 212

V
verification 170
view policy object 187

W
web application
database 16
lines of defense 171, 172
web requests
migrating, to abstraction layers 5, 6
web server 4
WebSockets
separating from Action Cable,
with AnyCable 260, 261
whenever 16

271

Gems and Patterns
A
action_policy 180
active_delivery 202
active_event_store 68
Active Record pattern
mapping, to application model 26-29
models 30
object-relational mapping 22-25
overview 22
activerecord-slotted_counters 66
adapter pattern 43
alba 164
reference link 164
anyway_config
configuration objects, as
abstraction layer 245, 246
configuration objects, using in code 245
configuration way 246, 247
example configuration class 244, 245
reference link 243
arel-helpers 116

D
Data Mapper pattern 24, 117
decorators 153
presenting 153

downstream 68
dry-effects
reference link 83
dry-initializer gem
reference link 228
dry-monads 91
reference link 91

E
event sourcing pattern 67

F
filter objects 121, 140
extracting 143-146
filtering, in controllers 141
filtering, moving to models 142, 143
versus form objects 146
versus query objects 146
form object 121-137
versus filter objects 146
versus query objects 146
versus strong parameters 135-137

Index

G

K

gems 243
action_policy 180
active_delivery 202
activerecord-slotted_counters 66
alba 164
anyway_config 243
arel-helpers 116
attractor 39
database consistency 29
database validations 29
downstream 68
dry-effects 83
dry-initializer 228
dry-monads 91
frozen record 38
good_job 43
interactor 91
keynote 158
logidze 18
noticed 208
rubanok 144
rufus-scheduler 16
sidekiq 13
store_model 35
trace_location 8
view_component 225
whenever 16
with_model 73
yabeda 259
good_job
URL 43

keynote 158
reference link 158
using 159

I
interactor 91
reference link 91

L
logidze 18

M
middleware 10

N
noticed 208
reference link 208
versus Active Delivery 206-208

P
patterns
Active Record 22
adapter pattern 43
Data Mapper pattern 24
decorator pattern 153
event sourcing 67
filter object 143
form object 128
middleware 10
model–view–controller 12
plugin pattern 50
policy object 179
presenter pattern 152
query object 106
repository object 117
scoping-based authorization 189

273

274

Index

service objects pattern 91
turning, into abstraction 107, 108
value object 77
wrapper pattern 53
plugin pattern 50
presenter pattern 149
facades 157
in plain Ruby 152, 153
multi-model presenters 155-157
open/closed presenter 154
page objects 157
used, for decoupling models
from views 150, 151
working 152
presenter pattern, as abstraction layer 157
code organization 157-159
leak, avoiding 160, 161
naming conventions 157-159
view helpers 160

Q
query objects 106
convention 109-110
extracting 106, 107
used, for extracting queries
from models 104-106
versus filter objects 146
versus form objects 146
versus scopes 110, 111

S

service objects pattern 91-94
sidekiq 13
reference link 13

T
trace_location
reference link 8

V
value objects 77
extracting, from models 76, 77
view_component
URL 225
view_component, as abstraction
layer 225, 226
by example 226, 227
callbacks 228, 229
dry initializers 228, 229
Internationalization (I18n) support 228, 229
testing 227, 228
using, for mixed teams 230

W

R

Webmock gem
reference link 238
with_model 73
wrapper pattern
using 53

repository object pattern 117
Ruby Object Mapper 26

Y
yabeda 259
reference link 259

www.packtpub.com
Subscribe to our online digital library for full access to over 7,000 books and videos, as well as
industry leading tools to help you plan your personal development and advance your career. For more
information, please visit our website.

Why subscribe?
• Spend less time learning and more time coding with practical eBooks and Videos from over
4,000 industry professionals
• Improve your learning with Skill Plans built especially for you
• Get a free eBook or video every month
• Fully searchable for easy access to vital information
• Copy and paste, print, and bookmark content
Did you know that Packt offers eBook versions of every book published, with PDF and ePub files
available? You can upgrade to the eBook version at www.packtpub.com and as a print book
customer, you are entitled to a discount on the eBook copy. Get in touch with us at customercare@
packtpub.com for more details.
At www.packtpub.com, you can also read a collection of free technical articles, sign up for a range
of free newsletters, and receive exclusive discounts and offers on Packt books and eBooks.

Other Books You May Enjoy
If you enjoyed this book, you may be interested in these other books by Packt:

Web Development with Julia and Genie
Ivo Balbaert | Adrian Salceanu
ISBN: 9781801811132
Understand how to make a web server with HTTP.jl and work with JSON data over the web.
Discover how to build a static website with the Franklin framework.
Explore Julia web development frameworks and work with them.
Develop an MVC web app with the Genie framework.
Understand how to add a REST API to a web app.

Other Books You May Enjoy

Practical Module development for Prestashop 8
Louis AUTHIE
ISBN: 9781837635962
• Understand the structure of PrestaShop’s core.
• Explore hooks and their functions.
• Create a hello world module.
• Build modules to display blocks in the front office with different styles.
• Design a module to add fields to the category pages and manage them.
• Fashion a blogging module with front and modern back-office controllers.

277

278

Packt is searching for authors like you
If you’re interested in becoming an author for Packt, please visit authors.packtpub.com and
apply today. We have worked with thousands of developers and tech professionals, just like you, to
help them share their insight with the global tech community. You can make a general application,
apply for a specific hot topic that we are recruiting an author for, or submit your own idea.

Share your thoughts
Now you’ve finished Layered Design for Ruby on Rails Applications, we’d love to hear your thoughts!
If you purchased the book from Amazon, please select https://www.amazon.in/review/
create-review/error?asin=1801813787 for this book and share your feedback or leave
a review on the site that you purchased it from.
Your review is important to us and the tech community and will help us make sure we’re delivering
excellent quality content.

279

Download a free PDF copy of this book
Thanks for purchasing this book!
Do you like to read on the go but are unable to carry your print books everywhere?
Is your eBook purchase not compatible with the device of your choice?
Don’t worry, now with every Packt book you get a DRM-free PDF version of that book at no cost.
Read anywhere, any place, on any device. Search, copy, and paste code from your favorite technical
books directly into your application.
The perks don’t stop there, you can get exclusive access to discounts, newsletters, and great free content
in your inbox daily
Follow these simple steps to get the benefits:
1.

Scan the QR code or visit the link below

https://packt.link/free-ebook/9781801813785
2.

Submit your proof of purchase

3.

That’s it! We’ll send your free PDF and other benefits to your email directly

